DEF 14A 1 ddef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Definitive Proxy Statement SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14A-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ¨ Check the
appropriate box: ¨ | Preliminary Proxy Statement | ¨ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
x | Definitive Proxy Statement
¨ | Definitive Additional Materials
¨ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to Rule 14a-11(c) or Rule 14a-12 Pain Therapeutics,
Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): x | No fee required. ¨ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) | Total fee paid: ¨ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ¨ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) | Amount Previously Paid: (2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) | Filing Party: (4) | Date Filed: Pain Therapeutics, Inc. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS May 24, 2007 To the Stockholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation, will be held
on Thursday, May 24, 2007 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California, 94304, for the following purposes: 1. | To elect Michael J. O’Donnell and Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. as Class I Directors to serve for three-year terms and until their successors are duly elected and qualified (Proposal One); 2. | To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007 (Proposal Two); and 3. | To transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy
Statement accompanying this Notice. Only stockholders of
record at the close of business on April 5, 2007 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. Sincerely,
/s/ Michael J. O'Donnell
Michael J. O’Donnell
Secretary South San Francisco, California April 5, 2007 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, FOR THE 2007 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. THE PROXY STATEMENT AND THE RELATED
PROXY FORM ARE BEING DISTRIBUTED ON OR ABOUT APRIL 19, 2007. YOU CAN VOTE YOUR SHARES USING ONE OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS: • | COMPLETE AND RETURN A WRITTEN PROXY CARD • | ATTEND THE COMPANY’S 2007 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS AND VOTE ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE MEETING. HOWEVER, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT
THE MEETING, YOU ARE URGED TO MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE POSTAGE-PREPAID ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE. ANY STOCKHOLDER ATTENDING THE MEETING MAY VOTE IN PERSON EVEN IF HE OR SHE HAS
RETURNED A PROXY CARD. PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 416 Browning Way South San Francisco, California 94080 PROXY STATEMENT INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING General The enclosed Proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (which we will refer to as
the “Company” throughout this Proxy Statement) for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto,
California, 94304, on Thursday, May 24, 2007, at 10:00 a.m., local time, and at any adjournment(s) thereof, for the purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Company’s principal
executive offices are located at the address listed at the top of the page and the telephone number is (650) 624-8200. The Company’s Annual Report and Annual Report on Form 10-K, containing financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, are
being mailed together with these proxy solicitation materials to all stockholders entitled to vote. This Proxy Statement, the accompanying Proxy, the Company’s Annual Report and Annual Report on Form 10-K will first be mailed on or about
April 19, 2007 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting. THE COMPANY SHALL PROVIDE WITHOUT CHARGE TO ANY STOCKHOLDER SOLICITED BY THESE PROXY SOLICITATION MATERIALS A COPY OF THE COMPANY’S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, TOGETHER WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS REQUIRED TO
BE FILED WITH THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, UPON REQUEST OF A STOCKHOLDER MADE IN WRITING TO PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC., 416 BROWNING WAY, SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA, 94080, ATTN: SENIOR MANAGER OF INVESTOR RELATIONS. Record Date and Share Ownership Stockholders of record at the close of business on April 5, 2007 (which
we will refer to as the “Record Date” throughout this Proxy Statement) are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and at any adjournment(s) thereof. The Company has one series of common shares issued and outstanding, designated
as Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”) and one series of undesignated Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Preferred Stock”). As of the Record Date, 120,000,000 shares of Common Stock were
authorized and 44,156,503 shares were issued and outstanding. As of the Record Date, 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock were authorized and none were issued or outstanding. Revocability of Proxies Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before its use by (A) delivering to the Company at
its principal offices (Attention: Senior Manager of Investor Relations) (i) a written notice of revocation or (ii) a duly executed proxy bearing a later date or (B) attending the meeting and voting in person. Voting On all matters, each share has one vote. See Proposal One — Election of Two Class I Directors — Vote Required. Solicitation of Proxies The Company will bear the entire cost of solicitation of proxies, including preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement, the
proxy and any additional information furnished to stockholders. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of the Company’s Common Stock beneficially
owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. The Company may reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of Common Stock for their costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies may also be solicited by
certain of the Company’s directors, officers and regular employees, without additional compensation, personally or by telephone or facsimile. Quorum; Abstentions; Broker Non-Votes Votes cast by proxy or in person at the Annual Meeting (“Votes Cast”) will be tabulated by the Inspector of Elections (the
“Inspector”) who will be a representative from Mellon Investor Services LLC, the Company’s Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Inspector will also determine whether or not a quorum is present. Except in certain specific circumstances,
the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present is required under Delaware law for approval of proposals presented to stockholders. In general, Delaware law
provides that a quorum consists of a majority of shares entitled to vote and present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The Inspector will treat shares that are voted WITHHELD or ABSTAIN as being present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence of a
quorum but will not be treated as votes in favor of approving any matter submitted to the stockholders for a vote. When proxies are properly dated, executed and returned, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in
accordance with the instructions of the stockholder. If no specific instructions are given, the shares will be voted (i) for the election of the nominees for director set forth herein; (ii) for the ratification of the selection of
Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm to the Company; and (iii) upon such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof, but will not be voted in the election
of directors other than as provided in (i) above. If a
broker indicates on the enclosed proxy or its substitute that such broker does not have discretionary authority as to certain shares to vote on a particular matter (“broker non-votes”), those shares will be considered as present with
respect to establishing a quorum for the transaction of business. The Company believes that the tabulation procedures to be followed by the Inspector are consistent with the general statutory requirements in Delaware concerning voting of shares and
determination of a quorum. In a 1988 Delaware case, Berlin v. Emerald Partners , the Delaware Supreme Court held that while broker non-votes may be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business, broker non-votes should not be
counted for purposes of determining the number of votes cast with respect to the particular proposal on which the broker has expressly not voted. Broker non-votes with respect to proposals set forth in this Proxy Statement will therefore not be
considered “Votes Cast” and, accordingly, will not affect the determination as to whether the requisite majority of Votes Cast has been obtained with respect to a particular matter. Deadline for Receipt of Stockholder Proposals Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for action at a forthcoming
meeting if they comply with the requirements of the Company’s bylaws and the rules established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). Under these requirements, proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be presented by such stockholders at the Company’s 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by the Company no later than
December 20, 2007. A copy of the relevant bylaw provisions related to stockholder proposals is available upon written request to: Pain Therapeutics, Inc., 416 Browning Way, South San Francisco, California, 94080, Attention: Senior Manager of
Investor Relations. 2 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF TWO CLASS I DIRECTORS Nominees The Company’s Board of Directors has six authorized directors and currently consists of six members. The Company has a classified Board of Directors,
which is divided into three classes of directors whose terms expire at different times. The three classes are currently comprised of the following directors: • | Class I consists of Michael J. O’Donnell and Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. who will serve until the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and who stand for re-election as Class I directors at such meeting; • | Class II consists of Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D., who will serve until the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and • | Class III consists of Remi Barbier, Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. and Sanford R. Robertson, who will serve until the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the
successors to directors whose terms will then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies
received by them for the Company’s nominees named below, who are currently directors of the Company. The nominees have consented to be named as nominees in the proxy statement and to continue to serve as directors if elected. If the nominee
becomes unable or declines to serve as a director or if additional persons are nominated at the meeting, the proxy holders intend to vote all proxies received by them in such a manner as will assure the election of the nominees listed below if
possible (or, if new nominees have been designated by the Board of Directors, in such a manner as to elect such nominees), and the specific nominees to be voted for will be determined by the proxy holders. The nominees for the Class I Directors and their biographical information are
as follows: • | Michael J. O’Donnell’s biographical information can be found below in the Directors and Executive Officers section. • | Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D.’s biographical information can be found below in the Directors and Executive Officers section. The Company is not aware of any reason that
any nominee will be unable or will decline to serve as a director. The term of office of each person elected as a director will continue until the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders held in 2010 or until a successor has been elected and
qualified. Other than the relationships noted in the section “Employment and Other Agreements,” there are no arrangements or understandings between any director or executive officer and any other person pursuant to which he is or was to be
selected as a director or officer of the Company. Vote Required The director will be elected by a plurality vote of the
shares of the Company’s Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote on this matter at the meeting. Accordingly, the candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes of shares represented and voting on this proposal at
the meeting will be elected as a director of the Company. Votes withheld from a nominee and broker non-votes will be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum but, because directors are elected by a plurality vote, will
have no impact once a quorum is present. See “Quorum; Abstentions; Broker Non-Votes.” THE CLASS II AND III DIRECTORS RECOMMEND THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE CLASS
I NOMINEES LISTED ABOVE. 3 PROPOSAL TWO RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE COMPANY FOR THE
FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2007 The Board of
Directors and the Audit Committee have selected Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, to audit the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007, and recommend that the
stockholders vote for ratification of such selection. Although action by stockholders is not required by law, the Board of Directors has determined that it is desirable to request approval of this selection by the stockholders. Notwithstanding the
selection or ratification, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, in their discretion, may direct the selection of a new independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year, if the Board of Directors and the Audit
Committee determine that such a change would be in the best interest of the Company. A representative of Ernst & Young LLP is expected to be present at the meeting and will be afforded the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so, and is also expected to be available to
respond to appropriate questions. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE COMPANY FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2007. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in each of the last two fiscal years, in each of the
following categories are: Years Ended December 31,
2006 | 2005
Audit Fees | $ | 337,879 | $ | 236,946
Audit-Related Fees | — | —
Tax Fees | 38,676 | 26,680
Other Fees | — | —
$ | 376,555 | $ | 263,626 Ernst & Young
LLP served as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. Audit fees include fees associated with the Annual Reports on Form 10-K (including fees associated with attestation pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002); the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; issuance of consents relating to registration statement filings with the SEC; and all services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings. Tax fees include tax compliance services. The Company did not incur audit-related or other fees in the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005. All auditing services and non-audit services provided to the Company by our independent registered public accounting firm
are required to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Any pre-approval of non-audit services by Ernst & Young LLP includes making a determination that the provision of the services is compatible with maintaining the independence of
Ernst & Young LLP as an independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, the Audit Committee has delegated pre-approval authority to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, provided that the Chairperson still reports any
decisions to pre-approve such audit and non-audit services to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting. All services for audit and tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 as set forth in the table above were
pre-approved by the Company’s Audit Committee. 4 Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth for each Class I Director, the Class II Director, each Class III Director and the executive
officers of the Company, their ages and present positions with the Company as of the Record Date. Name | Age | Position
Remi Barbier | 47 | President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Class III Director
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 64 | Chief Medical and Operating Officer and Class I Director
Peter S. Roddy | 47 | Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 62 | Chief Scientific Officer
Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. (1)(2)(3) | 69 | Class II Director
Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. (1)(3) | 72 | Class III Director
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. (3) | 48 | Class I Director and Secretary
Sanford R. Robertson (1)(2)(3) | 75 | Class III Director (1) | Member of Audit Committee. (2) | Member of Compensation Committee. (3) | Meets the definition of independence under the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. listing standards. There is no family relationship between any director or executive officer of
the Company. Remi Barbier, the Company’s founder,
has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since the Company’s inception in 1998. Prior to that time, Mr. Barbier helped in the growth or founding of: Exelixis Inc., a functional genomics
company, ArQule, Inc., a chemistry company, and EnzyMed (now owned by Albany Molecular Research), Inc., a chemistry company. Mr. Barbier served as Chief Operating Officer of Exelixis, Inc. from January 1996 to May 1998. Mr. Barbier was
Vice President of Corporate Development and Clinical Project Manager of Xoma Corporation, a biotechnology company, from October 1993 to December 1995. Mr. Barbier is a trustee of Carnegie Institution of Washington, a director of Poetic Genetics,
Inc. and an advisor to Mendel Biotechnology, Inc. Mr. Barbier received his B.A. from Oberlin College and his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. has served as a director of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. since 1998. Dr. Friedmann has served as Chief Operating
Officer since October 2001 and Chief Medical and Operating Officer since 2004. Dr. Friedmann is the owner and President of EMET Research Inc., a consulting firm in the pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Friedmann was President and Chief
Executive Officer of Daiichi Pharmaceutical Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, from 1997 to April 2000, and was a consultant to the Board of Directors of Daiichi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in Tokyo from 1995 to 1997. From 1992 to 1995,
Dr. Friedmann served as Vice President, Clinical Research at Xoma Corporation. From 1980 to 1991, Dr. Friedmann held various leadership positions with Johnson & Johnson, a healthcare company (“J&J”), including the
position of Vice President and Head of Research of the J&J Biotechnology Center. Prior to that, Dr. Friedmann was Medical Director of Abbott Laboratories. Dr. Friedmann received his M.D. from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine,
and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of California, San Diego. Peter S. Roddy has served as Chief Financial Officer since 2002 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2004. From 1990 to 2002, Mr. Roddy held a variety of senior management positions
at COR Therapeutics, Inc. (now Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), a biopharmaceutical company, including Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer between 2000 and 2002. Prior to 1990, Mr. Roddy held a variety of positions at
Price Waterhouse & Company, Hewlett Packard Company and MCM Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Roddy received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. 5 Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. has served as Chief Scientific Officer since 2001. From 2000 to 2001,
Dr. Schoenhard was the Vice President of Preclinical Development. During 2000, Dr. Schoenhard was a consultant and provided pharmacodynamic research and development services to various organizations. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Schoenhard
was Senior Director of Pharmacokinetics, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacology at Genentech, Inc., a biotechnology company. From 1974 to 1998, Dr. Schoenhard held various management positions, including Executive Director of Pharmacokinetics, Drug
Metabolism and Radiochemistry at Searle, a pharmaceutical company owned by Monsanto Corporation. Dr. Schoenhard was also Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania for a number of years.
Dr. Schoenhard received his B.S. from Michigan State University and his M.S. and Ph.D. from Oregon State University. Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. has served as a director since March 2003. Dr. Gussin worked at J&J for 26 years, most recently as Chief
Scientific Officer and Corporate Vice President, Science and Technology from 1986 through his retirement in 2000. Prior to assuming this role, Dr. Gussin worked at J&J’s McNeil division for 12 years, most recently as Vice President,
Research and Development and Vice President, Scientific Affairs. From 1967 to 1974, Dr. Gussin held various research positions with Lederle Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company. Dr. Gussin sits on the Board of Directors of Duquesne
University and the advisory boards of the Duquesne University Pharmacy School and the University of Michigan Medical School Department of Pharmacology. Dr. Gussin received his B.S. and M.S. degrees and D.Sc. with honors from Duquesne University
and his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. has served as a director since November 2003. Mr. Loucks has served as Chairman of The Athena Group, LLC, a private equity firm, since January 2001 and Chief Executive Officer of
Segway LLC, a transportation device company, from January 2003 to November 2003. From February 1998 through December 2000, Mr. Loucks served as Chairman of InLight, Inc., a medical education software company. Mr. Loucks served at Baxter
International, Inc., a pharmaceutical and medical device company, as Chief Executive Officer from 1980 to December 1998, and Chairman from 1980 to December 1999. Mr. Loucks also serves as a director of Affymetrix, Inc., Anheuser-Busch
Companies, Inc., Emerson Electric Co., Edwards Lifesciences Corporation. Mr. Loucks received his B.A. degree from Yale University and his M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration. Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. has served as a director since 1998.
Mr. O’Donnell has been a member of the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, the Company’s corporate counsel, since 1993. Mr. O’Donnell serves as corporate counsel to numerous
public and private biopharmaceutical and life sciences companies. Mr. O’Donnell received a J.D. degree, cum laude, from Harvard University and a B.A. degree from Bucknell University, summa cum laude. Sanford R. Robertson has served as a director since 1998.
Mr. Robertson has been a partner of Francisco Partners, a technology buyout fund, since 1999. Prior to founding Francisco Partners, Mr. Robertson was the founder and chairman of Robertson, Stephens & Company, a technology
investment bank formed in 1978 and sold to BankBoston in 1998. Since the sale, Mr. Robertson has been a technology investor and advisor to several technology companies. Mr. Robertson was also the founder of Robertson, Colman,
Siebel & Weisel, later renamed Montgomery Securities, another technology investment bank. Mr. Robertson is a director of Salesforce.com and Dolby Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Robertson received his B.A. and M.B.A. degrees with
distinction from the University of Michigan. Director Compensation The Company reimburses its officers and directors for
expenses incurred in attending any Board of Directors or committee meeting. The Company’s non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the Company’s 1998 Stock Plan, as amended. Currently each non-employee director who serves as a director on the date of each Annual 6 Stockholders Meeting receives an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock. An automatic grant of 25,000 shares of Common Stock
will be made to a director who first becomes a non-employee director (except those directors who become non-employee directors by ceasing to be employee directors) on the date he or she first attends a meeting of the Board of Directors or one of its
committees, and each non-employee director will automatically be granted an option to purchase 25,000 shares of Common Stock on the date of the Company’s annual stockholder’s meeting, provided he or she serves on the Company’s Board
of Directors as of such date. All options automatically granted to non-employee directors will (i) vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on each anniversary of the date of grant, subject to his or her continuing to serve as a
member of the Board of Directors on such date, (ii) be exercisable only while he or she remains a member of the Board of Directors, (iii) have a term of 10 years, and (iv) have an exercise price equal to 100% of the fair market value
per share of Common Stock on the date of grant. In 2006, the
Board of Directors granted an option to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock at $8.00 per share (100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant) to each non-employee director serving on a Committee of the Board of
Directors. These options vest as to 1/48th of the shares subject to such options each month from the date of grant, subject to each individual continuing to serve as a member of the Board of Directors on such date. These option grants have a term of
10 years. Employee directors who meet the eligibility
requirements may participate in the Company’s 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company maintains directors and officers indemnification insurance coverage. This insurance covers directors and officers individually. These policies currently run from July 13, 2006 through July 13,
2007 at a total annual cost of $393,688. The primary carrier is U.S. Specialty Insurance Company. The following table sets forth all non-employee director compensation for the year ended December 31, 2006. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Name | Option Awards ($) | Total ($)
Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. | 24,691 | 24,691
Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. | 24,691 | 24,691
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. | 19,312 | 19,312
Sanford R. Robertson | 24,691 | 24,691 Board Meetings and Committees The Board of Directors of the Company held a total of
four meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006. No director serving throughout fiscal year 2006 attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees of the Board upon which such
director served. Mr. O’Donnell, Mr. Robertson, Mr. Barbier and Dr. Friedmann attended all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee that oversees the accounting and financial
reporting processes of the Company and audits of the financial statements of the Company, and a standing Compensation Committee. The Board of Directors does not have a standing Nominating Committee. The Audit Committee consists of directors Dr. Gussin, Mr. Loucks
and Mr. Robertson, each of whom the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is independent as defined under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. listing standards as well as the SEC rules. The Board of Directors has also determined that
Mr. Robertson is an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in the SEC rules. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The Company maintains a copy of the Audit Committee charter on
its website: www.paintrials.com. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s internal accounting procedures, consults with and reviews the services provided by the Company’s independent registered public 7 accounting firm and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit
Committee held six meetings during fiscal 2006. The
Compensation Committee consists of directors Dr. Gussin and Mr. Robertson. The Compensation Committee reviews and recommends to the Board of Directors the salaries, incentive compensation and benefits of the Company’s officers and
administers the Company’s stock plans and employee benefit plans. More information regarding the Compensation Committee’s processes and procedures can be found herein in the section entitled “Compensation Discussion and
Analysis.” The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The Company maintains a copy of the Compensation Committee charter on its website: www.paintrials.com. The Compensation Committee
held one meeting during fiscal 2006. The Board of Directors
evaluates all proposed director nominees and incumbent directors before nomination, including the slate of director nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to our stockholders for election and any director nominees to be elected or appointed by
the Board of Directors to fill interim director vacancies on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors determined that a Nominating Committee was not necessary, and that it was in the best interest of the Company to continue to directly oversee
the activities and responsibilities that might be delegated by the Board of Directors to a Nominating Committee. All of the Company’s members of the Board of Directors may participate in the consideration of director candidates. The approval of
at least a majority of the independent directors on the Board of Directors is required to nominate a director candidate for a position on the Company’s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors selects as candidates to the Board of Directors for appointment or nomination individuals of high
personal and professional integrity and ability who can contribute to the Board of Directors’ effectiveness in serving the interests of the Company’s stockholders. In addition, director nominees are expected to have appropriate management
experience that would be relevant to our current and expected future business direction, a track record of accomplishment and a commitment to ethical business practices. The Board of Directors utilizes its own resources to identify qualified
candidates to join the Board of Directors and may, in the future, use an executive recruiting firm to assist in the identification and evaluation of such qualified candidates. For these services, an executive recruiting firm would be paid a fee. The Board of Directors has not established a procedure for
considering nominees for director nominated by the Company’s stockholders. The Board of Directors believes that our Board of Directors can identify appropriate candidates to our Board of Directors. Stockholders may nominate candidates for
director in accordance with the advance notice and other procedures contained in our bylaws. We do not have formal policies regarding attendance by members of the Board of Directors at our annual meetings of stockholders, but directors are encouraged to attend annual meetings of the Company’s
stockholders. One director attended the 2006 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, we do not have a formal policy regarding stockholder communication with the Board of Directors. However, stockholders may communicate with the Board of
Directors by sending an e-mail to the Company’s Senior Manager of Investor Relations at cwaarich@paintrials.com or by writing to us at Pain Therapeutics, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 416 Browning Way, South San Francisco, CA 94080.
Stockholders who would like their submissions directed to an individual member of the Board of Directors may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee or executive officer of the Company has served as a member of the board of directors
or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. Since the formation of the Compensation Committee in March 2000, none of its
members has been an officer or employee of the Company while a member of the Compensation Committee. 8 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth as of February 15, 2007, certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company’s Common Stock by (i) any person (including any group as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), known by the Company to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5% of the Company’s voting securities, (ii) each director and each nominee for director to the Company, (iii) each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table appearing herein, and (iv) all
executive officers, directors and nominees for director of the Company as a group. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned are based on the aggregate of 47,822,336 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 15, 2007,
adjusted as required by the rules promulgated by the SEC. The Company does not know of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control
of the Company. Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) | Number of Shares | Percent of Common Stock Outstanding
Eastbourne Capital (2) 1101 Fifth Avenue, Suite 160 San Rafael, CA 94901 | 8,828,946 | 18.5 | %
Remi Barbier (3) | 9,110,757 | 19.1 | %
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. (4) | 1,147,281 | *
Sanford R. Robertson (5) 288 Sand Hill Road, Suite 280 Menlo Park, CA 94025 | 361,518 | *
Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. (6) | 393,841 | *
Peter S. Roddy (7) | 295,712 | *
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. (8) Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304 | 177,214 | *
Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. (9) 1281 Gulf of Mexico Dr., Suite 803 Longboat Key, FL 34228 | 86,249 | *
Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. (10) 1101 Skokie Blvd., Suite 240 Northbrook, IL 60062 | 56,249 | *
All directors, executive officers and nominees for director as a group (8 persons) (11) | 11,628,821 | 24.3 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock. (1) | This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and Schedules 13G filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for directors, executive officers and nominees for director is the Company’s address. (2) | Based on Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC and dated February 14, 2007. (3) | Includes 1,360,355 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (4) | Includes 992,185 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (5) | Includes 192,499 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (6) | Includes 393,841 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (7) | Includes 278,955 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (8) | Includes 45,000 shares held by WS Investment Company 98B, 12,162 shares held by WS Investment Company 99B, 1,777 shares held by WS Investment Company 2000A, 5,775 shares held by Michael J. O’Donnell, and 9 112,500 shares issuable to Mr. O’Donnell pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. Mr. O’Donnell, a director of the Company, is a general partner of WS Investment Company. Mr. O’Donnell disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by WS Investment Company, except to the extent of his partnership interest in such shares. Mr. O’Donnell is also a partner in Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, the Company’s corporate counsel. (9) | Includes 86,249 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (10) | Includes 56,249 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. (11) | Includes 3,472,833 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2007. Executive Compensation The following table sets forth all compensation paid or accrued during fiscal year 2006, to the Company’s President and
Chief Executive Officer and each of the Company’s other executive officers. Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Option Grants ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Remi Barbier President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board | 2006 | 502,470 | 400,000 | 219,358 | 4,056 | 1,125,884
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. Chief Medical and Operating Officer and director | 2006 | 386,185 | 300,000 | 201,079 | 7,260 | 894,524
Peter S. Roddy Vice President and Chief Financial Officer | 2006 | 267,701 | 125,000 | 91,399 | 1,116 | 485,216
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. Chief Scientific Officer | 2006 | 298,160 | 100,000 | 54,839 | 5,515 | 458,514 Assumptions made in
the valuation of Option Grants are described in Note 6 to the Company’s Financial Statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, incorporated herein by reference. All other compensation includes life insurance premiums paid by the Company
on behalf of the executive officers. Grants of Plan-Based Awards The following table sets forth information regarding
grants of plan based awards for each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table at December 31, 2006. GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
Name | Grant Date | Name of Plan | Number of Securities Underlying Options | Exercise or Base Price of Option Award | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards
Remi Barbier | 6/9/2006 | 1998 Stock Plan | 300,000 | $ | 8.35 | $ | 8.35
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 6/9/2006 | 1998 Stock Plan | 275,000 | $ | 8.35 | $ | 8.35
Peter S. Roddy | 6/9/2006 | 1998 Stock Plan | 125,000 | $ | 8.35 | $ | 8.35
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 6/9/2006 | 1998 Stock Plan | 75,000 | $ | 8.35 | $ | 8.35 10 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2006 The following table sets forth information regarding the equity holdings of each of the executive officers named in the
Summary Compensation Table at December 31, 2006. Outstanding Equity Awards Option Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date
Remi Barbier | 1,500 | — | 8.00 | 3/16/2011
700,000 | — | 6.90 | 7/14/2012
170,833 | 29,167 | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
151,041 | 98,959 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
118,750 | 181,250 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
37,500 | 262,500 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 550,000 | — | 6.71 | 10/23/2011
50,000 | — | 9.11 | 7/14/2012
106,770 | 18,230 | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
90,625 | 59,375 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
98,958 | 151,042 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
34,375 | 240,625 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
Peter S. Roddy | 100,000 | — | 3.19 | 12/13/2012
42,708 | 7,292 | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
60,416 | 39,584 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
49,479 | 75,521 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
15,625 | 109,375 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 50,000 | — | 18.63 | 9/15/2010
51,500 | — | 8.00 | 3/16/2011
25,000 | — | 7.30 | 7/14/2011
50,000 | — | 9.11 | 7/14/2012
105,489 | 18,011 | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
45,312 | 29,688 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
29,687 | 45,313 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
9,375 | 65,625 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016 All options granted to
these executive officers were granted under the 1998 Stock Plan, as amended. All options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. One forty-eighth of the shares subject to each option vests and becomes
exercisable one month after the vesting commencement date, and an additional one forty-eighth of the shares subject to each option vests each month thereafter. All equity awards consist solely of the issuance of stock options. 11 Options Exercised and Stock Vested The following table shows the amounts received upon exercise of options or similar instruments or the vesting of stock or
similar instruments for the year ended December 31, 2006. Options Exercises and Stock Vested Option Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) | Value Realized on Exercise ($)
Remi Barbier | — | —
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | — | —
Peter S. Roddy | 100,000 | 546,878
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | — | — Employment and Other Agreements In July 1998, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Barbier, the Company’s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and a 5% stockholder of the Company. Mr. Barbier is eligible to receive an annual bonus in an amount to be determined by
the Board of Directors. The agreement automatically renews for consecutive one-year terms each July unless the Company or Mr. Barbier terminates the agreement earlier on sixty days’ notice. The agreement entitles Mr. Barbier to serve
on the Board of Directors for as long as he is the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer. Thereafter, he will remain a member of the Board of Directors only if the Company terminates his employment without cause. The agreement also
provides that if the Company terminates Mr. Barbier without cause, the Company must pay him his base salary for twelve months following the date of his termination, provide him continued participation in the Company’s medical and
disability plans for twelve months following the date of his termination and continuation of insurance policies covering Mr. Barbier as of the date of termination. Under Mr. Barbier’s employment agreement, “Cause” includes
any intentional action or failure to act that was performed in bad faith, any failure to act in accordance with any lawful and proper order of the Board of Directors or any felony conviction. Assuming Mr. Barbier’s employment was
terminated without cause on December 31, 2006, the Company would have had to pay Mr. Barbier approximately $504,500, $9,000, and $4,100 for base salary, medical and disability plan-related expenses and insurance policy expenses,
respectively, pursuant to such arrangements. The cost of the arrangement cannot be determined until the date of termination. The Company executed employment offer letters to Dr. Schoenhard in September 2000 and Mr. Roddy in December 2002. Under the terms of these offer
letters, the Company may terminate employment at any time for any reason or no reason. However, if the company terminates employment without cause, the Company must pay severance equal to the executive’s base salary until the sooner of the date
that they secure employment, or the date that is three months after the date of their termination. The cost of termination cannot be determined until the date of termination. Assuming Dr. Schoenhard’s and Mr. Roddy’s employment
was terminated without cause on December 31, 2006 and both Dr. Schoenhard and Mr. Roddy did not secure employment within three months, the Company would have had to pay Dr. Schoenhard and Mr. Roddy approximately $75,000 and
$67,000, respectively, pursuant to such arrangements. 12 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Our compensation programs are designed to provide long-term and currently-paid compensation and cash and non-cash
compensation for our executive officers in order to align the compensation of our executive officers with our performance on a short term and long term basis. Our compensation programs reflect the following objectives: • | to attract and retain high-performing executive talent; • | to encourage corporate behavior that is consistent with our values and goals; • | to create financial incentives for superior performance; • | to balance the achievement of corporate and individual goals, whereby individual executives are rewarded for the performance of the business functions for which they are responsible in addition to our overall performance; • | to ensure that our executive compensation programs are competitive with those of regional companies in our industry, so that we can continue to attract, retain and motivate executive talent; and • | to encourage the development of a diverse executive talent pool and continuity of leadership. These objectives include qualitative factors that strengthen our ability to
meet long-term growth, such as demonstrated leadership ability, management development, ensuring compliance with laws, regulations and our policies, and anticipating and responding to changing conditions. Each year, our Compensation Committee determines the amount and allocation of
long-term and currently-paid compensation and cash and non-cash compensation for executive officers. We believe there is no single source of data that provides the information sought by the Compensation Committee to arrive at these determinations.
We rely on data from a number of sources, including a review of industry surveys both purchased from independent third parties and internally generated; the experience and knowledge of members of the Compensation Committee, Board of Directors and
senior management; and additional factors such as recent market trends and general business conditions. The surveys we rely on include compensation information regarding publicly held companies in our industry that are similar in size, breadth,
stage of development or complexity to us. While none of these sources of data are prescriptive per se, each source helps the Compensation Committee evaluate the appropriateness of total compensation for each executive at a particular point in the
Company’s life cycle. For example, a certain position may be highly strategic for a period of time and we believe it may therefore be desirable to pay that position closer to the level of a chief executive officer during that period of time. To
assist the Compensation Committee with its responsibilities, we provide briefing materials prepared or summarized by management. Our Chief Executive Officer participates in the collection and dissemination of survey information and interacts with
the Compensation Committee in reviewing some of the elements of yearly performance and compensation of the executive management team. The Compensation Committee believes that an appropriate level of input from our Chief Executive Officer provides a
necessary and valuable perspective in helping the Compensation Committee formulate its own independent views on compensation. The Compensation Committee makes all final determinations as to compensation levels for executive officers. We focus our executive compensation program on three related but distinct
elements: base salary, cash bonuses and stock options. We believe that compensation from one component should not offset or reduce compensation from another component Base Salary. We offer a base salary to attract and retain qualified executive officers. Base salaries are based on
broad salary ranges that take into consideration the broad scope of an executive’s job responsibilities, individual performance, our corporate performance, competitive market data and the Company’s total compensation expense. Changes to
base salary vary according to individual contributions to our success and 13 comparisons to similar positions here and at other comparable companies. In 2006, the salaries of Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and
Dr. Schoenhard were increased by 11.0%, 8.7%, 6.6% and 5.5%, respectively. We have not changed base salaries for our executive officers in 2007. Bonuses. Each executive officer is eligible for an annual cash bonus. We provide such bonuses to motivate executive officers to achieve milestones
in such individual’s area of responsibility and with our financial performance generally. We do not have a policy of prospectively establishing annual target bonuses. Each individual is evaluated to determine a bonus for the prior year based on
performance criteria, including, among other criteria, progress towards or achievement of clinical, operational and financial goals as applicable within an executive’s area of responsibility. We also consider bonus information from the review
of surveys of publicly held companies in our industry and of a similar size, breadth, stage of development or complexity to us in determining a bonus for the year. In 2006, Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and Dr. Schoenhard
received bonus payments of $400,000, $300,000, $125,000 and $100,000, respectively. We have not paid bonuses to our executive officers in 2007. Stock Options. Each executive officer is eligible for stock option grants. Such grants are intended to link executive rewards with shareholder
value over time. Only our Board of Directors, acting in its sole discretion, or the Compensation Committee grants options to our executive officers. We view stock options as one of the more important components of our long-term, performance-based
compensation philosophy. We provide options through initial grants at or near the date of hire and through subsequent periodic grants. Options for executive officers are granted, vest and become exercisable at such time as determined by our Board of
Directors. Generally, stock option grants are exercisable over a four year period and have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our stock at the time of grant. Initial Grants are based on ranges that take into consideration an
executive’s job responsibilities and competitive market data. For subsequent periodic grants, the Compensation Committee evaluates performance based on each individual’s contribution to the long-term success and growth of the Company, the
Company’s performance based on the factors discussed above and the motivational value of additional incremental stock option grants. No stock options are granted in the absence of satisfactory performance. Stock option grants generally
terminate shortly after an executive officer terminates employment. We grant periodic additional stock options: • | to reflect the individuals’ ongoing contributions; • | to create an incentive to remain with us; and • | to provide a long-term incentive to achieve or exceed our financial goals. In granting stock options in the current year, we may consider the cumulative benefit of stock options granted in prior years. We do not
have a program, plan or practice to time stock option grants to our executives in coordination with the release of material nonpublic information. We have not re-priced any of our options and do not intend to re-price or otherwise adjust options in
the event that fair market value of our common stock declines below an option grant price. In 2006, Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and Dr. Schoenhard received options to purchase 300,000, 275,000, 125,000 and 75,000 shares
of our common stock. We have not granted any options to our executive officers in 2007. Other benefits. Executive officers are eligible to participate in all of our employee benefit plans, such as medical, dental, group life, disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, our 2000
Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and our 401(k) plan, in each case on generally the same basis as other employees, subject to applicable law. Our executive officers do not accrue vacation benefits available to our other employees, but do receive other
paid time off benefits on the same basis as other employees. We do not offer any of our employees a pension plan, retirement plan or other forms of compensation or perquisites paid out upon retirement. Under current U.S. tax law, publicly-held companies may be precluded from
deducting certain compensation paid to an executive officer in excess of $1.0 million in a year. The regulations exclude from this limit performance-based compensation and stock options provided certain requirements, such as stockholder 14 approval, are satisfied. We plan to take actions, as necessary, to ensure that the Company’s stock option plans and executive annual cash bonus plans
qualify for exclusion. As we succeed in achieving approval for
and commercializing our drug candidates, we expect that we will adapt the elements of our compensation program as appropriate and may include or substitute other elements in our compensation program. Changes in the elements of our compensation
program may also reflect changes in the importance of tax or accounting treatments of a particular element of our compensation program. 15 REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The purpose of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is, in part, to review and approve the compensation and benefits to be provided to the officers and directors of the Company and to administer the
Company’s various stock plans and the issuance of stock options and other stock-related awards not pursuant to a plan. The Compensation Committee shall also make recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding adoption or modification of
all stock plans. One of the Committee’s goals is to
ensure that the Company’s executive compensation programs are competitive with those of regional companies in our industry. In addition, the Committee strives to enable the Company to attract and retain key people and motivate them to achieve
or exceed certain key objectives of the Company by making individual compensation directly dependent on the achievement of certain corporate and individual goals, and by providing rewards for meeting or exceeding those goals. The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on the review and discussion, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the Company’s proxy statement. Respectfully Submitted By: MEMBERS OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. Sanford R. Robertson Dated: March 27, 2007 16 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The purpose of the Audit Committee includes the following: • | Oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and audits of the financial statements of the Company; • | Assist the Board of Directors of the Company in oversight and monitoring of (i) the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, (ii) the Company’s financial reporting process, (iii) the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements under applicable securities law, (iv) the independent registered public accounting firms’ qualifications, independence and performance, and (v) the Company’s systems of internal accounting and financial controls; • | Prepare a report in the Company’s annual proxy statement in accordance with the rules of the SEC; • | Provide the Board of Directors with the results of its monitoring and recommendations derived therefrom; and • | Provide to the Board of Directors such additional information and materials as it may deem necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters that come to its attention and that require the attention of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process including the system of internal controls. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee has: • | Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements, including balance sheets, related statements of operations, stockholder’s equity and cash flows, with management; • | Discussed with Ernst & Young LLP matters required to be discussed under Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, Communication with Audit Committees , as amended; and Statement on Auditing Standards No. 90 Audit Committee Communications ; • | Received from Ernst & Young LLP written disclosures and a letter regarding their independence required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with Audit Committees and has discussed with Ernst & Young LLP their independence from management and the Company. The Audit Committee discusses with the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, the overall scope and
plans for their audits. The Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the Company’s internal controls and the
overall quality of the Company’s financial reporting. Based on the foregoing, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 for filing with
the SEC. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors have also recommended, subject to stockholder approval, the selection of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has adopted a written charter. The Committee held six
meetings during the year ended December 31, 2006. All of the members of the Audit Committee are considered independent, as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC listing standards and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Respectfully Submitted by: MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Sanford R. Robertson, Audit Committee Chair Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. Vernon R. Loucks, Jr. Dated: March 27, 2007 17 The information contained above under the captions “Report of the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors” and “Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company’s officers
and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Such officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders are
also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all forms that they file pursuant to Section 16(a). During 2006, Dr. Gussin, Mr. Loucks and Mr. Robertson each filed a Form 4 on November 13, 2006 for options
granted on September 15, 2006. Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that, with the above noted exceptions, during fiscal 2006, the
Company’s executive officers and directors complied with all other applicable filing requirements. CERTAIN BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS Since our inception, and during the last fiscal year, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation has provided legal services to us. One of the directors of the Company, Michael O’Donnell,
Esq., is a member of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, which beneficially owns an aggregate of 177,214 shares of the Company’s Common Stock. Except as noted above, during the last fiscal year, there has not been nor is there currently proposed any transaction or
series of similar transactions to which the Company was or is to be a party in which the amount involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company or any member of the
immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest other than (1) compensation agreements and other arrangements, which are described where required in “Employment and Other
Agreements” and (2) the indemnification agreements described below. Indemnification of Directors and Officers The
Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers, which require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 18 OTHER MATTERS The Company knows of no other matters to be submitted to the meeting. If any other matters properly come before the meeting,
it is the intention of the persons named in the enclosed Proxy form to vote the shares they represent as the Board of Directors may recommend. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Dated: April 11, 2007 19 DIRECTORS RECOMMEND VOTE “FOR” ALL NOMINEES AND PROPOSALS. | Please Mark Here For Address Change or Comments | ¨
SEE REVERSE SIDE WITHHELD FOR ALL
VOTE ON DIRECTORS | FOR | VOTE ON PROPOSALS | FOR | AGAINST | ABSTAIN
1. To elect two (2) Class I Directors, to serve for a three year term and until their successors are duly elected and qualified (Proposal One); | ¨ | ¨ | 2. To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as independent registered accounting firm to the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007, (Proposal Two); and | ¨ | ¨ | ¨
Nominees:
01 Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. | 3. To transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof.
02 Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D.
Instructions: To withhold authority to vote for any nominee, mark “for” and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) in the space provided below. | THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED, OR IF NO DIRECTION IS INDICATED, WILL BE VOTED “FOR” THE PROPOSALS. Signature | Signature | Date NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as attorney, executor,
administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................
............................................................................................. D FOLD AND DETACH HERE D Vote by Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. Vote In Person Attend the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 24, 2007 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304, and vote in person at the Meeting. PROXY THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. The undersigned hereby appoints Remi Barbier and Peter S. Roddy, and each of them, with power to act without the other and with power of substitution, as proxies and attorneys-in-fact and hereby authorizes them to represent and vote, as
provided on the other side, all the shares of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock which the undersigned is entitled to vote, and, in their discretion, to vote upon such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
of the Company to be held May 24, 2007 at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304 or at any adjournment or postponement thereof, with all powers which
the undersigned would possess if present at the Meeting. (Continued and to be marked, dated and signed, on the other side) Address Change/Comments (Mark the corresponding box on the reverse side) D FOLD AND DETACH HERE D PAIN THERAPEUTICS,
INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE
BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE 2007 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD MAY 24, 2007 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the
Company, on behalf of the Board of Directors, for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Proxy Statement and the related Proxy Form are being distributed on or about April 19, 2007. You can vote your shares using one of the following methods: • | Complete and return a written Proxy Card, or • | Attend the Company’s 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and vote. All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Meeting. However to ensure your representation at the Meeting, you are urged to mark,
sign, date and return the attached Proxy Card as promptly as possible in the postage pre-paid envelope enclosed for that purpose. Any Stockholder attending the Meeting may vote in person even if he or she has returned a Proxy Card.