S-3 1 forms-3.htm S-3 As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2025 Registration
No. 333- UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Cassava
Sciences, Inc. (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | 91-1911336 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6801
N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building 1, Suite 300 Austin,
TX 78731 (512)
501-2444 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) R.
Christopher Cook Chief
Operating and Legal Officer 6801
N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building 1, Suite 300 Austin,
TX 78731 (512)
501-2444 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
to: Peter
E. Devlin Ferrell
M. Keel Jones
Day 250
Vesey Street New
York, New York 10281 (212)
326-3939 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time, after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box. ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following
box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective
upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The registrant
hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance
with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY
NOTE This
registration statement contains two prospectuses: ● | a base prospectus, which covers the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $200,000,000 of the registrant’s common stock, preferred stock, depository shares, warrants, rights, debt securities, and units; and
● | an “at the market offering” prospectus supplement covering the offering, issuance and sale by the registrant of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $50,000,000 of the registrant’s common stock that may be issued and sold under a sales agreement, dated as of November 12, 2025 (the “Sales Agreement”), with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (the “Agent”). The
base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The “at the market offering” prospectus supplement immediately
follows the base prospectus. The common stock that may be offered, issued and sold by the registrant under the “at the market offering”
prospectus supplement is included in the $200,000,000 of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by the registrant under the
base prospectus. Upon termination of the Sales Agreement with the Agent, any portion of the $50,000,000 included in the “at the
market offering” prospectus supplement that is not sold pursuant to the Sales Agreement will be available for sale in other offerings
pursuant to the base prospectus, and if no shares of common stock are sold under the Sales Agreement, the full $50,000,000 of securities
may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus supplement. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not
soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED NOVEMBER 12, 2025 PROSPECTUS $200,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Depositary
Shares Warrants Rights Debt
Securities Units From
time to time, we may offer and sell, in one or more offerings, in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of any such
offering, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, debt securities, and rights to purchase such securities, either
individually or in units, in an aggregate amount of $200,000,000. The securities we may offer may be convertible into or exercisable
or exchangeable for other securities. This
prospectus describes some of the general terms that may apply to these securities. This prospectus may not be used to sell securities
unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement, which will describe the method and the terms of the offering. We will provide you with
the specific amount, price and terms of the applicable offered securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. We may also
authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you in connection with these offerings. You should carefully read this
prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated by reference,
before you purchase any of our securities being offered. Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SAVA.” On November 11, 2025, the closing price
of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $3.11 per share. The applicable prospectus
supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to any other listing, if any, of the securities covered by the applicable prospectus
supplement. We
may offer and sell the securities in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of offering. We may sell the securities directly
to you, through agents we select, or through underwriters and dealers we select. If we use agents, underwriters or dealers to sell the
securities, we will name them and describe their compensation in a prospectus supplement. In addition, the underwriters may overallot
a portion of the securities. For additional information regarding the methods of sale of our securities, you should refer to the section
entitled “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. Investing
in our securities involves risk. Please carefully review the information under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 3 of this
prospectus as well as the risks and uncertainties contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus,
and in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. This
prospectus is dated , 2025. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
About This Prospectus | 1
Cassava Sciences, Inc. | 2
Risk Factors | 3
Forward-Looking Statements | 4
Use of Proceeds | 5
Description of Capital Stock | 6
Description of the Depositary Shares | 9
Description of the Warrants | 11
Description of Rights | 13
Description of the Debt Securities | 14
Description of the Units | 24
Plan of Distribution | 25
Legal Matters | 27
Experts | 27
Where You Can Find More Information | 27
Information Incorporated by Reference | 27 i About
This Prospectus This
prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), using a “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf process, we may, from time to time, offer or sell any combination of the securities described
in this prospectus in one or more offerings. Before purchasing any securities, you should read this prospectus and any applicable
prospectus supplement together with the additional information described under the headings “Where You Can Find More
Information” and “Information Incorporated by Reference.” References in this prospectus to “our
company,” “we,” “our,” “Cassava Sciences” and “us” refer to Cassava Sciences,
Inc. This
prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus
supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering. The prospectus supplement may also add to, update
or change information contained in the prospectus or in the documents incorporated by reference in the prospectus. To the extent inconsistent,
information in this prospectus is superseded by the information in the prospectus supplement. The
prospectus supplement to be attached to the front of this prospectus may describe, as applicable: the terms of the securities offered;
the initial public offering price; the price paid for the securities; net proceeds; and the other specific terms related to the offering
of the securities. You
should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement or issuer
free writing prospectus relating to a particular offering. No person has been authorized to give any information or make any representations
in connection with this offering other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus
supplement and any related issuer free writing prospectus in connection with the offering described herein and therein, and, if given
or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us. Neither this prospectus nor any
prospectus supplement nor any related issuer free writing prospectus shall constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer
to buy offered securities in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offering or solicitation. This
prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For a more complete understanding of the offering
of the securities, you should refer to the registration statement, including its exhibits. You should read the entire prospectus and
any prospectus supplement and any related issuer free writing prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference into this
prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any related issuer free writing prospectus, before making an investment decision. Neither
the delivery of this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any issuer free writing prospectus nor any sale made hereunder shall under
any circumstances imply that the information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in any prospectus supplement or issuer
free writing prospectus is correct as of any date subsequent to the date hereof or of such prospectus supplement or issuer free writing
prospectus, as applicable. 1 Cassava
Sciences, Inc. Cassava
Sciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company based in Austin, Texas. Our mission is to detect and treat central nervous system
disorders, such as Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (“TSC”)-related epilepsy. Our novel science is based on affecting the activity
of a critical protein in the brain for patients with certain central nervous system disorders, such as TSC. We
combine innovative technology with new insights in neurobiology to develop novel solutions targeting central nervous system disorders,
such as TSC-related epilepsy. Our strategy is to leverage our unique scientific/clinical platform to develop first-in-class programs
for treating central nervous system disorders. We
were incorporated in Delaware in May 1998. Our principal executive offices are located at 6801 N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building
1, Suite 300, Austin, TX, 78731 and our telephone number at that address is (512) 501-2444. 2 Risk
Factors An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The prospectus supplement applicable to each offering of our securities
will contain a discussion of the risks applicable to an investment in our securities. Prior to making a decision about investing in our
securities, you should carefully consider the specific factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in the applicable
prospectus supplement, together with all of the other information contained or incorporated by reference in the prospectus supplement
or appearing or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. You should also consider the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed
under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, which are incorporated herein by reference, and may
be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future and any prospectus supplement
related to a particular offering. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also negatively affect our operations. 3 Forward-Looking
Statements This
prospectus and the registration statement of which it forms a part, any prospectus supplement, any related issuer free writing prospectus
and the documents incorporated by reference into these documents contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements deal with our current plans, intentions, beliefs and expectations and statements of future
economic performance. Statements containing terms such as “believe,” “do not believe,” “plan,” “expect,”
“intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “could,” “may,” “continue,”
“should,” “potential,” or the negative of these words and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to
contain uncertainty and are forward-looking statements. In addition, from time to time we or our representatives have made or will make
forward-looking statements orally or in writing. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements may be included in various filings that
we make with the SEC, or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers.
These forward-looking statements are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause actual results
to differ include, but are not limited to, those set forth under Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” and Item 7, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in our future filings made with the SEC. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements
contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any related issuer free writing prospectus, which reflect management’s
opinions only as of their respective dates. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results
of any revisions to any forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we have made or will
make in our reports to the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to
us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this prospectus,
any prospectus supplement or any related issuer free writing prospectus. 4 Use
of Proceeds Unless
otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this prospectus will be used
for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements, which may include, among other things, capital expenditures, licensing
or acquiring intellectual property or technologies, and possible investments in and acquisitions of complementary businesses or partnerships.
We have not allocated a specific portion of the net proceeds for any particular use at this time. As a result, unless otherwise indicated
in the prospectus supplement, our management will have broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds of the offerings. Pending their
ultimate use, we intend to invest the net proceeds in certain securities, including commercial paper, government and non-government debt
securities and/or money-market funds that invest in such securities, in each case, consistent with the Company’s investment policy. 5 Description
of Capital Stock General As
of the date of this prospectus, our authorized capital stock consists of 130,000,000 shares. Those shares consist of 120,000,000 shares
designated as common stock, par value $0.001, and 10,000,000 shares designated as preferred stock, par value $0.001.
The only equity securities currently outstanding are shares of common stock. As of November 10, 2025, there were 48,307,896 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding. The
following is a summary of the material provisions of the common stock and preferred stock provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and bylaws. For additional detail about our capital stock, please refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, each as amended, copies of which are incorporated by reference into the registration statement to which this prospectus relates. Common
stock The
holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. Subject to preferences
that may be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends
that may be declared from time to time by the board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. However, we are not
currently paying any dividends. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled
to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock then outstanding.
The common stock has no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
applicable to the common stock. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable, and any shares of common stock
to be issued upon an offering pursuant to this prospectus and the related prospectus supplement will be fully paid and nonassessable
upon issuance. Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SAVA.” The transfer agent and registrar for the common
stock is Computershare Shareowner Services LLC. Its address is Computershare C/O Shareholder Services, 150 Royall Street, Canton, MA
02021. Preferred
stock The
following description of preferred stock and the description of the terms of any particular series of preferred stock that we choose
to issue hereunder and that will be set forth in the related prospectus supplement are not complete. These descriptions are qualified
in their entirety by reference to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designation relating to
that series. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock of each series will be fixed by the certificate
of designation relating to that series. The related prospectus supplement will contain a description of certain U.S. federal income tax
consequences relating to the purchase and ownership of the series of preferred stock that is described therein. We
currently have no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders,
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock. Any or all of these rights may be greater than the rights of the common stock. The
board of directors, without stockholder approval, can issue preferred stock with voting, conversion or other rights that could negatively
affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated
to delay or prevent a change in control of us or make it more difficult to remove our management. Additionally, the issuance of preferred
stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of the common stock. The
prospectus supplement for a series of preferred stock will specify: ● | the maximum number of shares; ● | the designation of the shares; 6 ● | the annual dividend rate, if any, whether the dividend rate is fixed or variable, the date or dates on which dividends will accrue, the dividend payment dates, whether dividends will be cumulative, and whether the dividends will be payable in cash or in kind; ● | the price and the terms and conditions for redemption, if any, including redemption at our option or at the option of the holders, including the time period for redemption, and any accumulated dividends or premiums; ● | the liquidation preference, if any, and any accumulated dividends upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; ● | any sinking fund or similar provision, and, if so, the terms and provisions relating to the purpose and operation of the fund; ● | the terms and conditions, if any, for conversion or exchange of shares of any other class or classes of our capital stock or any series of any other class or classes, or of any other series of the same class, or any other securities or assets, including the price or the rate of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjustment; ● | the voting rights; and ● | any or all other preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, privileges or qualifications, limitations or restrictions. Preferred
stock will be fully paid and nonassessable upon issuance. Anti-takeover
effects of some provisions of Delaware law Provisions
of Delaware law and our currently in effect amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended bylaws could make the acquisition
of our company through a tender offer, a proxy contest or other means more difficult and could make the removal of incumbent officers
and directors more difficult. We expect these provisions to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to
encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits
provided by our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging
these proposals. We believe the negotiation of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal could result in an improvement of its terms. We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, an anti-takeover law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly
held Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” for a period
of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless: ● | Prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; ● | The stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding (a) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and (b) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or ● | On or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. Generally,
a “business combination” includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the interested stockholder. An “interested stockholder” is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or,
within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15% or more of a corporation’s outstanding
voting securities. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our board of
directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 203 may also discourage attempts that might result in a premium
over the market price for the shares of common stock held by stockholders. 7 Anti-takeover
effects of provisions of our charter documents Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for our board of directors to be divided into three classes serving staggered
terms. The provision for a classified board could prevent a party who acquires control of a majority of the outstanding voting stock
from obtaining control of the board of directors until the second annual stockholders meeting following the date the acquirer obtains
the controlling stock interest. The classified board provision could discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise
attempting to obtain control of our company and could increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders
of the outstanding shares of common stock. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires that certain amendments of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and certain amendments by the stockholders of our bylaws require the approval of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding
stock. These provisions could discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of
our company and could delay changes in our management. Our
amended bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders,
including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors. In addition, stockholders who seek to bring a nomination
pursuant to Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act must provide evidence that such stockholder has complied with the requirements of Rule 14a-19,
including certain notice requirements established in our amended bylaws, at least eight business days prior to the meeting. At an annual
meeting, stockholders may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by
or at the direction of the board of directors. Stockholders may also consider a proposal or nomination by a person who was a stockholder
of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given to our Secretary timely written
notice, in proper form, of his or her intention to bring that business before the meeting. The amended bylaws do not give the board of
directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted
at a special or annual meeting of the stockholders. However, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of business at
a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting
a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. Our
amended bylaws provide that only our board of directors, the chairman of the board, the president or the chief executive officer may
call a special meeting of stockholders. Because our stockholders do not have the right to call a special meeting, a stockholder could
not force stockholder consideration of a proposal over the opposition of the board of directors by calling a special meeting of stockholders
prior to such time as a majority of the board of directors believed or the chief executive officer believed the matter should be considered
or until the next annual meeting provided that the requestor met the notice requirements. The restriction on the ability of stockholders
to call a special meeting means that a proposal to replace the board also could be delayed until the next annual meeting. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not allow stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting. Without the
availability of stockholder’s actions by written consent, a holder controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able
to amend our bylaws or remove directors without holding a stockholders’ meeting. The holder would have to obtain the consent of
a majority of the board of directors, the chairman of the board or the chief executive officer to call a stockholders’ meeting
and satisfy the notice periods determined by the board of directors. Our
amended bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative form, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf
of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, stockholder, employee
or agent of the Company to the Company or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, stockholder,
employee or agent of the Company arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL, the Certificate of Incorporation or our amended
bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company governed
by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware, provided, however, that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding
shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such
other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff
asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. This
exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange
Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon
federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving
any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933. Our bylaws also provide that any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to this choice of forum provision. It is possible that a court of law could rule that the choice of forum provision contained in our
bylaws is inapplicable or unenforceable if it is challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. Additionally, the forum selection clause in
our amended bylaws may limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. 8 Description
of the Depositary Shares General At
our option, we may elect to offer fractional shares of preferred stock, rather than full shares of preferred stock. If we do elect to
offer fractional shares of preferred stock, we will issue receipts for depositary shares and each of these depositary shares will represent
a fraction of a share of a particular series of preferred stock, as specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each owner of
a depositary share will be entitled, in proportion to the applicable fractional interest in shares of preferred stock underlying that
depositary share, to all rights and preferences of the preferred stock underlying that depositary share. These rights may include dividend,
voting, redemption and liquidation rights. The
shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares will be deposited with a bank or trust company selected by us to act as depositary,
under a deposit agreement by and among us, the depositary and the holders of the depositary receipts. The depositary will be the transfer
agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the depositary shares. The
depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the depositary agreement. Holders of depositary receipts
agree to be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and paying
certain charges. The
summary of terms of the depositary shares contained in this prospectus is not complete, and is subject to modification in any prospectus
supplement for any issuance of depositary shares. You should refer to the forms of the deposit agreement, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation and the certificate of designation that are, or will be, filed with the SEC for the applicable series of preferred stock. Dividends The
depositary will distribute cash dividends or other cash distributions, if any, received in respect of the series of preferred stock underlying
the depositary shares to the record holders of depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares owned by those holders
on the relevant record date. The relevant record date for depositary shares will be the same date as the record date for the preferred
stock. In
the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the record holders of depositary
receipts that are entitled to receive the distribution, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible to make the distribution.
If this occurs, the depositary, with our approval, may adopt another method for the distribution, including selling the property and
distributing the net proceeds to the holders. Liquidation
preference If
a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has a liquidation preference, in the event of our voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the liquidation preference
accorded each share of the applicable series of preferred stock, as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Redemption If
a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares is subject to redemption, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the
proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption, in whole or in part, of the preferred stock held by the depositary.
Whenever we redeem any preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number
of depositary shares representing the preferred stock so redeemed. The depositary will mail the notice of redemption to the record holders
of the depositary receipts promptly upon receiving the notice from us and not fewer than 20 or more than 60 days, unless otherwise provided
in the applicable prospectus supplement, prior to the date fixed for redemption of the preferred stock. Voting Upon
receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information
contained in the notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary receipts underlying the preferred stock. Each record holder
of those depositary receipts on the record date will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining
to the amount of preferred stock underlying that holder’s depositary shares. The record date for the depositary will be the same
date as the record date for the preferred stock. The depositary will, to the extent practicable, vote the preferred stock underlying
the depositary shares in accordance with these instructions. We will agree to take all action that may be deemed necessary by the depositary
in order to enable the depositary to vote the preferred stock in accordance with these instructions. The depositary will not vote the
preferred stock to the extent that it does not receive specific instructions from the holders of depositary receipts. Withdrawal
of preferred stock Owners
of depositary shares will be entitled to receive upon surrender of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary and
payment of any unpaid amount due to the depositary, the number of whole shares of preferred stock underlying their depositary shares. Partial
shares of preferred stock will not be issued. Holders of preferred stock will not be entitled to deposit the shares under the deposit
agreement or to receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares for the preferred stock. 9 Amendment
and termination of the deposit agreement The
form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may be amended by agreement between
the depositary and us. However, any amendment which materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders of depositary shares, other
than fee changes, will not be effective unless the amendment has been approved by at least a majority of the outstanding depositary shares.
The deposit agreement may be terminated by the depositary or us only if: ● | all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed; or ● | there has been a final distribution of the preferred stock in connection with our dissolution and such distribution has been made to all the holders of depositary shares. Charges
of depositary We
will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangement. We will
also pay charges of the depositary in connection with: ● | the initial deposit of the preferred stock; ● | the initial issuance of the depositary shares; ● | any redemption of the preferred stock; and ● | all withdrawals of preferred stock by owners of depositary shares. Holders
of depositary receipts will pay transfer, income and other taxes and governmental charges and other specified charges as provided in
the deposit agreement for their accounts. If these charges have not been paid, the depositary may: ● | refuse to transfer depositary shares; ● | withhold dividends and distributions; and ● | sell the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary receipt. Miscellaneous The
depositary will forward to the holders of depositary receipts all reports and communications we deliver to the depositary that we are
required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In addition, the depositary will make available for inspection by holders
of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time deem advisable,
any reports and communications we deliver to the depositary as the holder of preferred stock. Neither
the depositary nor we will be liable if either the depositary or we are prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond the control
of either the depositary or us in performing our respective obligations under the deposit agreement. Our obligations and the depositary’s
obligations will be limited to the performance in good faith of our or the depositary’s respective duties under the deposit agreement.
Neither the depositary nor we will be obligated to prosecute or defend any legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred
stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. The depositary and we may rely on: ● | written advice of counsel or accountants; ● | information provided by holders of depositary receipts or other persons believed in good faith to be competent to give such information; and ● | documents believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. Resignation
and removal of depositary The
depositary may resign at any time by delivering a notice to us. We may remove the depositary at any time. Any such resignation or removal
will take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. The successor depositary must
be appointed within 60 days after delivery of the notice for resignation or removal. The successor depositary must be a bank and trust
company having its principal office in the United States of America and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. U.S.
federal income tax consequences Owners
of the depositary shares will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as if they were owners of the preferred stock underlying
the depositary shares. As a result, owners will be entitled to take into account for U.S. federal income tax purposes any deductions
to which they would be entitled if they were holders of such preferred stock. No gain or loss will be recognized for U.S. federal income
tax purposes upon the withdrawal of preferred stock in exchange for depositary shares. The tax basis of each share of preferred stock
to an exchanging owner of depositary shares will, upon such exchange, be the same as the aggregate tax basis of the depositary shares
exchanged. The holding period for preferred stock in the hands of an exchanging owner of depositary shares will include the period during
which such person owned such depositary shares. 10 Description
of the Warrants General We
may issue warrants for the purchase of our debt securities, preferred stock or common stock, or any combination thereof. Warrants may
be issued independently or together with our debt securities, preferred stock or common stock and may be attached to or separate from
any offered securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a
bank or trust company, as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent in connection with the warrants. The warrant
agent will not have any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holders or beneficial owners of warrants. This
summary of certain provisions of the warrants is not complete. For the terms of a particular series of warrants, you should refer to
the prospectus supplement for that series of warrants and the warrant agreement for that particular series. Debt
warrants The
prospectus supplement relating to a particular issue of warrants to purchase debt securities will describe the terms of the debt warrants,
including the following: ● | the title of the debt warrants; ● | the offering price for the debt warrants, if any; ● | the aggregate number of the debt warrants; ● | the designation and terms of the debt securities, including any conversion rights, purchasable upon exercise of the debt warrants; ● | if applicable, the date from and after which the debt warrants and any debt securities issued with them will be separately transferable; ● | the principal amount of debt securities that may be purchased upon exercise of a debt warrant and the exercise price for the warrants, which may be payable in cash, securities or other property; ● | the dates on which the right to exercise the debt warrants will commence and expire; ● | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the debt warrants that may be exercised at any one time; ● | whether the debt warrants represented by the debt warrant certificates or debt securities that may be issued upon exercise of the debt warrants will be issued in registered or bearer form; ● | information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; the currency or currency units in which the offering price, if any, and the exercise price are payable; ● | the antidilution provisions of the debt warrants, if any; ● | the redemption or call provisions, if any, applicable to the debt warrants; ● | any provisions with respect to the holder’s right to require us to repurchase the warrants upon a change in control or similar event; and ● | any additional terms of the debt warrants, including procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the debt warrants. Debt
warrant certificates will be exchangeable for new debt warrant certificates of different denominations. Debt warrants may be exercised
at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the prospectus supplement. Prior to the exercise
of their debt warrants, holders of debt warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the debt securities purchasable upon exercise
and will not be entitled to payment of principal or any premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities purchasable upon exercise. The prospectus supplement relating to a particular issue of warrants to purchase debt securities will contain a description of certain
U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the purchase and ownership of the warrants described therein. 11 Equity
warrants The
prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants to purchase our common stock or preferred stock, including preferred
stock underlying depositary shares, will describe the terms of the warrants, including the following: ● | the title of the warrants; ● | the offering price for the warrants, if any; ● | the aggregate number of warrants; ● | the designation and terms of the common stock or preferred stock that may be purchased upon exercise of the warrants; ● | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each security; ● | if applicable, the date from and after which the warrants and any securities issued with the warrants will be separately transferable; ● | the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock that may be purchased upon exercise of a warrant and the exercise price for the warrants; ● | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants shall commence and expire; ● | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the warrants that may be exercised at any one time; ● | the currency or currency units in which the offering price, if any, and the exercise price are payable; ● | the antidilution provisions of the warrants, if any; ● | the redemption or call provisions, if any, applicable to the warrants; ● | any provisions with respect to the holder’s right to require us to repurchase the warrants upon a change in control or similar event; and ● | any additional terms of the warrants, including procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the warrants. Holders
of equity warrants will not be entitled: ● | to vote, consent or receive dividends; ● | receive notice as stockholders with respect to any meeting of stockholders for the election of our directors or any other matter; or ● | exercise any rights as stockholders of us. The
prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants to purchase our common stock or preferred stock, including preferred
stock underlying depositary shares, will contain a description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the purchase
and ownership of the warrants described therein. 12 Description
of Rights We
may issue rights to purchase our debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or other securities. These rights may be issued independently
or together with any other security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the stockholder receiving the rights in such
offering. In connection with any offering of such rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other
purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for
after such offering. Each
series of rights will be issued under a separate rights agreement which we will enter into with a bank or trust company, as rights agent,
all which will be set forth in the relevant offering material. The rights agent will act solely as our agent in connection with the certificates
relating to the rights and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holders of rights certificates
or beneficial owners of rights. The
following description is a summary of selected provisions relating to rights that we may offer. The summary is not complete. When rights
are offered in the future, a prospectus supplement, information incorporated by reference or a free writing prospectus, as applicable,
will explain the particular terms of those securities and the extent to which these general provisions may apply. The specific terms
of the rights as described in a prospectus supplement, information incorporated by reference, or free writing prospectus will supplement
and, if applicable, may modify or replace the general terms described in this section. This
summary and any description of rights in the applicable prospectus supplement, information incorporated by reference or free writing
prospectus is subject to and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the rights agreement and the rights certificates. We will file
each of these documents, as applicable, with the SEC and incorporate them by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part on or before the time we issue a series of rights. See “Where You Can Find More Information”
and “Information Incorporated by Reference” below for information on how to obtain a copy of a document when it is
filed. The
applicable prospectus supplement, information incorporated by reference or free writing prospectus may describe: ● | in the case of a distribution of rights to our stockholders, the date of determining the stockholders entitled to the rights distribution; ● | in the case of a distribution of rights to our stockholders, the number of rights issued or to be issued to each stockholder; ● | the exercise price payable for the underlying debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or other securities upon the exercise of the rights; ● | the number and terms of the underlying debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or other securities which may be purchased per each right; ● | the extent to which the rights are transferable; ● | the date on which the holder’s ability to exercise the rights shall commence, and the date on which the rights shall expire; ● | the extent to which the rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; ● | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the offering of such rights; and ● | any other terms of the rights, including, but not limited to, the terms, procedures, conditions and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the rights. The
provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “Description of Debt Securities” below and “Description
of Capital Stock” above, will apply, as applicable, to any rights we offer. 13 Description
of the Debt Securities The
debt securities may be either secured or unsecured and will either be our senior debt securities or our subordinated debt securities.
The debt securities will be issued under one or more separate indentures between us and a trustee to be specified in an accompanying
prospectus supplement. Senior debt securities will be issued under a senior indenture and subordinated debt securities will be issued
under a subordinated indenture. Together, the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are called indentures in this description.
This prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplement, will describe the terms of a particular series of debt securities. The
following is a summary of selected provisions and definitions of the indentures and debt securities to which any prospectus supplement
may relate. The summary of selected provisions of the indentures and the debt securities appearing below is not complete and is subject
to, and qualified entirely by reference to, all of the provisions of the applicable indenture and certificates evidencing the applicable
debt securities. For additional information, you should look at the applicable indenture and the certificate evidencing the applicable
debt security that is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes the prospectus. In this description of the debt
securities, the words “Cassava Sciences,” “we,” “us,” or “our” refer only to Cassava
Sciences, Inc. and not to any of our subsidiaries, unless we expressly state or the context otherwise requires. The
following description sets forth selected general terms and provisions of the applicable indenture and debt securities to which any prospectus
supplement may relate. Other specific terms of the applicable indenture and debt securities will be described in the applicable prospectus
supplement. If any particular terms of the indenture or debt securities described in a prospectus supplement differ from any of the terms
described below, then the terms described below will be deemed to have been superseded by that prospectus supplement. General Debt
securities may be issued in separate series without limitation as to aggregate principal amount. We may specify a maximum aggregate principal
amount for the debt securities of any series. We
are not limited as to the amount of debt securities we may issue under the indentures. Unless otherwise provided in a prospectus supplement,
a series of debt securities may be reopened to issue additional debt securities of such series. The
prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of debt securities will set forth: ● | whether the debt securities are senior or subordinated; ● | the offering price; ● | the title; ● | any limit on the aggregate principal amount; ● | the person who shall be entitled to receive interest, if other than the record holder on the record date; ● | the date or dates the principal will be payable; ● | the interest rate or rates, which may be fixed or variable and payable in cash or in kind, if any, the date from which interest will accrue, the interest payment dates and the regular record dates, or the method for calculating the dates and rates; ● | the place where payments may be made; ● | any mandatory or optional redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions and any applicable redemption or purchase prices associated with these provisions; ● | if issued other than in denominations of U.S. $1,000 or any multiple of U.S. $1,000, the denominations in which the debt securities shall be issuable; 14 ● | if applicable, the method for determining how the principal, premium, if any, or interest will be calculated by reference to an index or formula; ● | if other than U.S. currency, the currency or currency units in which principal, premium, if any, or interest will be payable and whether we or a holder may elect payment to be made in a different currency; ● | the portion of the principal amount that will be payable upon acceleration of maturity, if other than the entire principal amount; ● | if the principal amount payable at stated maturity will not be determinable as of any date prior to stated maturity, the amount or method for determining the amount which will be deemed to be the principal amount; ● | if applicable, whether the debt securities shall be subject to the defeasance provisions described below under “Satisfaction and discharge; defeasance” or such other defeasance provisions specified in the applicable prospectus supplement for the debt securities; ● | any conversion or exchange provisions; ● | whether the debt securities will be issuable in the form of a global security; ● | any subordination provisions applicable to the subordinated debt securities if different from those described below under “Subordinated debt securities;” ● | any paying agents, authenticating agents, security registrars or other agents for the debt securities, if other than the trustee; ● | any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities, including any provisions regarding the circumstances under which collateral may be released or substituted; ● | any deletions of, or changes or additions to, the events of default, acceleration provisions or covenants; ● | any provisions relating to guaranties for the securities and any circumstances under which there may be additional obligors; and ● | any other specific terms of such debt securities. Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, the debt securities will be registered debt securities. Debt securities may be sold
at a substantial discount below their stated principal amount, bearing no interest or interest at a rate which, at the time of issuance,
is below market rates. The applicable prospectus supplement will include a description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences
relating to the purchase and ownership of the debt securities, including, if applicable, material U.S. federal income tax consequences
relating to the purchase and ownership of debt securities issued, or deemed to be issued, at a discount of more than a de minimis amount. Exchange
and transfer Debt
securities may be transferred or exchanged at the office of the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated
by us. We
will not impose a service charge for any transfer or exchange, but we may require holders to pay any tax or other governmental charges
associated with any transfer or exchange. In
the event of any partial redemption of debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: ● | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange, any debt security of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or ● | register the transfer of or exchange any debt security of that series selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion being redeemed in part. 15 We
will appoint the trustee as the initial security registrar. Any transfer agent, in addition to the security registrar initially designated
by us, will be named in the prospectus supplement. We may designate additional transfer agents or change transfer agents or change the
office of the transfer agent. However, we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities
of each series. Global
securities The
debt securities of any series may be represented, in whole or in part, by one or more global securities. Each global security will: ● | be registered in the name of a depositary, or its nominee, that we will identify in a prospectus supplement; ● | be deposited with the depositary or nominee or custodian; and ● | bear any required legends. No
global security may be exchanged in whole or in part for debt securities registered in the name of any person other than the depositary
or any nominee unless: ● | the depositary has notified us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or has ceased to be qualified to act as depositary; ● | an event of default is continuing with respect to the debt securities of the applicable series; or ● | any other circumstance described in a prospectus supplement has occurred permitting or requiring the issuance of any such security. As
long as the depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a global security, the depositary or nominee will be considered the
sole owner and holder of the debt securities represented by the global security for all purposes under the indentures. Except in the
above limited circumstances, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be: ● | entitled to have the debt securities registered in their names; ● | entitled to physical delivery of certificated debt securities; or ● | considered to be holders of those debt securities under the indenture. Payments
on a global security will be made to the depositary or its nominee as the holder of the global security. Some jurisdictions have laws
that require that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. These laws may impair
the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global security. Institutions
that have accounts with the depositary or its nominee are referred to as “participants.” Ownership of beneficial interests
in a global security will be limited to participants and to persons that may hold beneficial interests through participants. The depositary
will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amounts of debt securities represented by the
global security to the accounts of its participants. Ownership
of beneficial interests in a global security will be shown on and effected through records maintained by the depositary, with respect
to participants’ interests, or any participant, with respect to interests of persons held by participants on their behalf. Payments, transfers and exchanges relating to beneficial interests in a global security will be subject to policies and procedures of
the depositary. The depositary policies and procedures may change from time to time. Neither any trustee nor we will have any responsibility
or liability for the depositary’s or any participant’s records with respect to beneficial interests in a global security. 16 Payment
and paying agents Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, the provisions described in this paragraph will apply to the debt securities. Payment
of interest on a debt security on any interest payment date will be made to the person in whose name the debt security is registered
at the close of business on the regular record date. Payment on debt securities of a particular series will be payable at the office
of a paying agent or paying agents designated by us. However, at our option, we may pay interest by mailing a check to the record holder.
The trustee will be designated as our initial paying agent. We
may also name any other paying agents in a prospectus supplement. We may designate additional paying agents, change paying agents or
change the office of any paying agent. However, we will be required to maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt
securities of a particular series. All
moneys paid by us to a paying agent for payment on any debt security that remain unclaimed for a period ending the earlier of: ● | 10 business days prior to the date the money would be turned over to the applicable state; or ● | at the end of two years after such payment was due, will
be repaid to us thereafter. The holder may look only to us for such payment. No
protection in the event of a change of control Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the debt securities will not contain
any provisions that may afford holders of the debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of
a highly leveraged transaction, whether or not such transaction results in a change in control. Covenants Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the debt securities will not contain
any financial or restrictive covenants. Consolidation,
merger and sale of assets Unless
we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, we may not consolidate with
or merge into any other person (other than a subsidiary of us), in a transaction in which we are not the surviving corporation, or convey,
transfer or lease our properties and assets substantially as an entirety to, any person (other than a subsidiary of us), unless: ● | the successor entity, if any, is a U.S. corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust or other business entity; ● | the successor entity assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indentures; ● | immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing; and ● | certain other conditions specified in the indenture are met. 17 Events
of default Unless
we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, the following will be events of default for any series of debt securities under the
indentures: (1) | we fail to pay principal of or any premium on any debt security of that series when due; (2) | we fail to pay any interest on any debt security of that series for 60 days after it becomes due; (3) | we fail to deposit any sinking fund payment when due; (4) | we fail to perform any other covenant in the indenture and such failure continues for 90 days after we are given the notice required in the indentures; and (5) | certain events involving our bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. Additional
or different events of default applicable to a series of debt securities may be described in a prospectus supplement. An event of default
of one series of debt securities is not necessarily an event of default for any other series of debt securities. The
trustee may withhold notice to the holders of any default, except defaults in the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest, any
sinking fund installment on, or with respect to any conversion right of, the debt securities of such series. However, the trustee must
consider it to be in the interest of the holders of the debt securities of such series to withhold this notice. Unless
we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, if an event of default, other than an event of default described in clause (5) above,
shall occur and be continuing with respect to any series of debt securities, either the trustee or the holders of at least a 25 percent
in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of that series may declare the principal amount and premium, if any, of the
debt securities of that series, or if any debt securities of that series are original issue discount securities, such other amount as
may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to
be due and payable immediately. Unless
we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, if an event of default described in clause (5) above shall occur, the principal amount
and premium, if any, of all the debt securities of that series, or if any debt securities of that series are original issue discount
securities, such other amount as may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, in each case together with accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, thereon, will automatically become immediately due and payable. Any payment by us on the subordinated debt securities
following any such acceleration will be subject to the subordination provisions described below under “Subordinated debt securities.” Notwithstanding
the foregoing, each indenture will provide that we may, at our option, elect that the sole remedy for an event of default relating to
our failure to comply with our obligations described under the section entitled “Reports” below or our failure to comply
with the requirements of Section 314(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act will for the first 180 days after the occurrence of such an event
of default consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the relevant series of debt securities at an annual rate
equal to (i) 0.25% of the principal amount of such series of debt securities for the first 90 days after the occurrence of such event
of default and (ii) 0.50% of the principal amount of such series of debt securities from the 91st day to, and including, the 180th day
after the occurrence of such event of default, which we call “additional interest.” If we so elect, the additional interest
will accrue on all outstanding debt securities from and including the date on which such event of default first occurs until such violation
is cured or waived and shall be payable on each relevant interest payment date to holders of record on the regular record date immediately
preceding the interest payment date. On the 181st day after such event of default (if such violation is not cured or waived prior to
such 181st day), the debt securities will be subject to acceleration as provided above. In the event we do not elect to pay additional
interest upon any such event of default in accordance with this paragraph, the debt securities will be subject to acceleration as provided
above. In
order to elect to pay the additional interest as the sole remedy during the first 180 days after the occurrence of any event of default
relating to the failure to comply with the reporting obligations in accordance with the preceding paragraph, we must notify all holders
of debt securities and the trustee and paying agent of such election prior to the close of business on the first business day following
the date on which such event of default occurs. Upon our failure to timely give such notice or pay the additional interest, the debt
securities will be immediately subject to acceleration as provided above. After
acceleration, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of that series may, under certain
circumstances, rescind and annul such acceleration if all events of default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal, or
other specified amounts or interest, have been cured or waived. 18 Other
than the duty to act with the required care during an event of default, the trustee will not be obligated to exercise any of its rights
or powers at the request of the holders unless the holders shall have offered to the trustee reasonable indemnity. Generally, the holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time,
method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the
trustee. A
holder of debt securities of any series will not have any right to institute any proceeding under the indentures, or for the appointment
of a receiver or a trustee, or for any other remedy under the indentures, unless: (1) | the holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of that series; (2) | the holders of at least 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made a written request and have offered reasonable indemnity to the trustee to institute the proceeding; and (3) | the trustee has failed to institute the proceeding and has not received direction inconsistent with the original request from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series within 60 days after the original request. Holders
may, however, sue to enforce the payment of principal, premium or interest on any debt security on or after the due date or to enforce
the right, if any, to convert any debt security (if the debt security is convertible) without following the procedures listed in (1)
through (3) above. We
will furnish the trustee an annual statement from our officers as to whether or not we are in default in the performance of the conditions
and covenants under the indenture and, if so, specifying all known defaults. Modification
and waiver Unless
we indicate otherwise in a prospectus supplement, the applicable trustee and we may make modifications and amendments to an indenture
with the consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of each series affected by
the modification or amendment. We
may also make modifications and amendments to the indentures for the benefit of holders without their consent, for certain purposes including,
but not limited to: ● | providing for our successor to assume the covenants under the indenture; ● | adding covenants or events of default; ● | making certain changes to facilitate the issuance of the securities; ● | securing the securities; ● | providing for a successor trustee or additional trustees; ● | curing any ambiguities or inconsistencies; ● | providing for guaranties of, or additional obligors on, the securities; ● | permitting or facilitating the defeasance and discharge of the securities; and ● | other changes specified in the indenture. 19 However,
neither the trustee nor we may make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holder of each outstanding security of that
series affected by the modification or amendment if such modification or amendment would: ● | change the stated maturity of any debt security; ● | reduce the principal, premium, if any, or interest on any debt security or any amount payable upon redemption or repurchase, whether at our option or the option of any holder, or reduce the amount of any sinking fund payments; ● | reduce the principal of an original issue discount security or any other debt security payable on acceleration of maturity; ● | change the place of payment or the currency in which any debt security is payable; ● | impair the right to enforce any payment after the stated maturity or redemption date; ● | if subordinated debt securities, modify the subordination provisions in a materially adverse manner to the holders; ● | adversely affect the right to convert any debt security if the debt security is a convertible debt security; or ● | change the provisions in the indenture that relate to modifying or amending the indenture. Satisfaction
and discharge; defeasance We
may be discharged from our obligations on the debt securities, subject to limited exceptions, of any series that have matured or will
mature or be redeemed within one year if we deposit enough money with the trustee to pay all the principal, interest and any premium
due to the stated maturity date or redemption date of the debt securities. Each
indenture contains a provision that permits us to elect either or both of the following: ● | we may elect to be discharged from all of our obligations, subject to limited exceptions, with respect to any series of debt securities then outstanding. If we make this election, the holders of the debt securities of the series will not be entitled to the benefits of the indenture, except for the rights of holders to receive payments on debt securities or the registration of transfer and exchange of debt securities and replacement of lost, stolen or mutilated debt securities. ● | we may elect to be released from our obligations under some or all of any financial or restrictive covenants applicable to the series of debt securities to which the election relates and from the consequences of an event of default resulting from a breach of those covenants. To
make either of the above elections, we must irrevocably deposit in trust with the trustee enough money to pay in full the principal,
interest and premium on the debt securities. This amount may be made in cash and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt
securities denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, cash in the currency in which such series of securities is denominated
and/or foreign government obligations. As a condition to either of the above elections, for debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars
we must deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the holders of the debt securities will not recognize income, gain or loss
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the action. With
respect to debt securities of any series that are denominated in a currency other than United States dollars, “foreign government
obligations” means: ● | direct obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued the currency in which such securities are denominated and for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged, or, with respect to debt securities of any series which are denominated in Euros, direct obligations of certain members of the European Union for the payment of which obligations the full faith and credit of such members is pledged, which in each case are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof; or ● | obligations of a person controlled or supervised by or acting as an agency or instrumentality of a government described in the bullet above the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such government, which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof. 20 Reports The
indentures provide that any reports or documents that we file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be
filed with the trustee within 15 days after the same is filed with the SEC. Documents filed by us with the SEC via the EDGAR system will
be deemed filed with the trustee as of the time such documents are filed with the SEC. Notices Notices
to holders will be given by mail to the addresses of the holders in the security register. Governing
law The
indentures and the debt securities will be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of New York. No
personal liability of directors, officers, employees and stockholders No
incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, officer, director or subsidiary of ours will have any liability for any obligations of ours,
or because of the creation of any indebtedness under the debt securities, the indentures or supplemental indentures. The indentures provide
that all such liability is expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of such indentures
and the issuance of the debt securities. Regarding
the trustee The
indentures limit the right of the trustee, should it become our creditor, to obtain payment of claims or secure its claims. The
trustee will be permitted to engage in certain other transactions with us. However, if the trustee acquires any conflicting interest,
and there is a default under the debt securities of any series for which it is trustee, the trustee must eliminate the conflict or resign. Subordinated
debt securities The
following provisions will be applicable with respect to each series of subordinated debt securities, unless otherwise stated in the prospectus
supplement relating to that series of subordinated debt securities. The
indebtedness evidenced by the subordinated debt securities of any series is subordinated, to the extent provided in the subordinated
indenture and the applicable prospectus supplement, to the prior payment in full, in cash or other payment satisfactory to the holders
of senior debt, of all senior debt, including any senior debt securities. Upon
any distribution of our assets upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, whether voluntary or involuntary, marshalling
of assets, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or in bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, payments
on the subordinated debt securities will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash or other payment satisfactory
to holders of senior debt of all senior debt. In
the event of any acceleration of the subordinated debt securities of any series because of an event of default with respect to the subordinated
debt securities of that series, holders of any senior debt would be entitled to payment in full in cash or other payment satisfactory
to holders of senior debt of all senior debt before the holders of subordinated debt securities are entitled to receive any payment or
distribution. In
addition, the subordinated debt securities will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries,
including trade payables and lease obligations. This occurs because our right to receive any assets of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation
or reorganization, and your right to participate in those assets, will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s
creditors, including trade creditors, except to the extent that we are recognized as a creditor of such subsidiary. If we are recognized
as a creditor of that subsidiary, our claims would still be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of the subsidiary and
any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to us. 21 We
are required to promptly notify holders of senior debt or their representatives under the subordinated indenture if payment of the subordinated
debt securities is accelerated because of an event of default. Under
the subordinated indenture, we may also not make payment on the subordinated debt securities if: ● | a default in our obligations to pay principal, premium, if any, interest or other amounts on our senior debt occurs and the default continues beyond any applicable grace period, which we refer to as a payment default; or ● | any other default occurs and is continuing with respect to designated senior debt that permits holders of designated senior debt to accelerate its maturity, which we refer to as a non-payment default, and the trustee receives a payment blockage notice from us or some other person permitted to give the notice under the subordinated indenture. We
will resume payments on the subordinated debt securities: ● | in case of a payment default, when the default is cured or waived or ceases to exist, and ● | in case of a nonpayment default, the earlier of when the default is cured or waived or ceases to exist or 179 days after the receipt of the payment blockage notice. No
new payment blockage period may commence on the basis of a nonpayment default unless 365 days have elapsed from the effectiveness of
the immediately prior payment blockage notice. No nonpayment default that existed or was continuing on the date of delivery of any payment
blockage notice to the trustee shall be the basis for a subsequent payment blockage notice. As
a result of these subordination provisions, in the event of our bankruptcy, dissolution or reorganization, holders of senior debt may
receive more, ratably, and holders of the subordinated debt securities may receive less, ratably, than our other creditors. The subordination
provisions will not prevent the occurrence of any event of default under the subordinated indenture. The
subordination provisions will not apply to payments from money or government obligations held in trust by the trustee for the payment
of principal, interest and premium, if any, on subordinated debt securities pursuant to the provisions described under the section entitled
“Satisfaction and discharge; defeasance,” if the subordination provisions were not violated at the time the money or government
obligations were deposited into trust. If
the trustee or any holder receives any payment that should not have been made to them in contravention of subordination provisions before
all senior debt is paid in full in cash or other payment satisfactory to holders of senior debt, then such payment will be held in trust
for the holders of senior debt. Senior
debt securities will constitute senior debt under the subordinated indenture. Additional
or different subordination provisions may be described in a prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of debt securities. Definitions “Designated
senior debt” means our obligations under any particular senior debt in which the instrument creating or evidencing the same or
the assumption or guarantee thereof, or related agreements or documents to which we are a party, expressly provides that such indebtedness
shall be designated senior debt for purposes of the subordinated indenture. The instrument, agreement or other document evidencing any
designated senior debt may place limitations and conditions on the right of such senior debt to exercise the rights of designated senior
debt. 22 “Indebtedness”
means the following, whether absolute or contingent, secured or unsecured, due or to become due, outstanding on the date of the indenture
for such series of securities or thereafter created, incurred or assumed: ● | our indebtedness evidenced by a credit or loan agreement, note, bond, debenture or other written obligation; ● | all of our obligations for money borrowed; ● | all of our obligations evidenced by a note or similar instrument given in connection with the acquisition of any businesses, properties or assets of any kind, ● | our obligations: ● | as lessee under leases required to be capitalized on the balance sheet of the lessee under generally accepted accounting principles, or ● | as lessee under leases for facilities, capital equipment or related assets, whether or not capitalized, entered into or leased for financing purposes; ● | all of our obligations under interest rate and currency swaps, caps, floors, collars, hedge agreements, forward contracts or similar agreements or arrangements; ● | all of our obligations with respect to letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances and similar facilities, including reimbursement obligations with respect to the foregoing; ● | all of our obligations issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services, but excluding trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business; ● | all obligations of the type referred to in the above clauses of another person, the payment of which, in either case, we have assumed or guaranteed, for which we are responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, jointly or severally, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, or which are secured by a lien on our property; and ● | renewals, extensions, modifications, replacements, restatements and refundings of, or any indebtedness or obligation issued in exchange for, any such indebtedness or obligation described in the above clauses of this definition. “Senior
debt” means the principal of, premium, if any, and interest, including all interest accruing subsequent to the commencement of
any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowable as a claim in any such proceeding,
and rent payable on or in connection with, and all fees and other amounts payable in connection with, our indebtedness. However, senior
debt shall not include: ● | any debt or obligation if its terms or the terms of the instrument under which or pursuant to which it is issued expressly provide that it shall not be senior in right of payment to the subordinated debt securities or expressly provide that such indebtedness is on the same basis or “junior” to the subordinated debt securities; or ● | debt to any of our subsidiaries, a majority of the voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by us. “Subsidiary”
means a corporation more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by us or by one or more
or our other subsidiaries or by a combination of us and our other subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, “voting stock”
means stock or other similar interests which ordinarily has or have voting power for the election of directors, or persons performing
similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock or other interests has or have such voting power
by reason of any contingency. 23 Description
of the Units General At
our option, we may elect to issue units comprised of common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, debt securities, or
any combination thereof. Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the
unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under
which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or
at any time before a specified date. The
summary of terms of the units contained in this section of the prospectus is not complete, and is subject to modification in any prospectus
supplement for any issuance of Units. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of units, including: ● | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; ● | Any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; and ● | Any provisions for the issuance, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units. In
addition, the provisions described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description of the Depositary Shares,”
“Description of the Warrants” and “Description of the Debt Securities” will apply to each unit and to any common
stock, preferred stock, debt security or warrants included in each unit, respectively. Issuance
in Series We
may issue units in such amounts and in such numerous distinct series as we determine. Enforceability
of Rights by Holders of Units Any
unit agent will act solely as our agent under the applicable unit agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency
or trust with any holder of any unit. A single bank or trust company may act as unit agent for more than one series of units. A unit
agent will have no duty or responsibility in case of any default by us under the applicable unit agreement or unit, including any duty
or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a unit may, without the
consent of the related unit agent or the holder of any other unit, enforce by appropriate legal action its rights as holder under any
security included in the unit. Title We,
any unit agents and any of their agents may treat the registered holder of any unit certificate as an absolute owner of the units evidenced
by that certificate for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the rights attaching to the units so requested, despite any
notice to the contrary. Outstanding
Units We
have no outstanding units. 24 Plan
of Distribution We
may sell the securities offered through this prospectus (1) to or through underwriters or dealers, (2) directly to purchasers, including
our affiliates, (3) through agents, or (4) through a combination of any these methods. The securities may be distributed at a fixed price
or prices, which may be changed, market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to the prevailing market prices, or negotiated
prices. The prospectus supplement will include the following information: ● | the terms of the offering; ● | the names of any underwriters or agents; ● | the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; ● | the purchase price of the securities; ● | the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; ● | any delayed delivery arrangements; ● | any underwriting discounts, commissions and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; ● | any initial public offering price; ● | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and ● | any commissions paid to agents. Sale
through underwriters or dealers If
underwriters are used in the sale, the underwriters will acquire the securities for their own account, including through underwriting,
purchase, security lending or repurchase agreements with us. The underwriters may resell the securities from time to time in one or more
transactions, including negotiated transactions. Underwriters may sell the securities in order to facilitate transactions in any of our
other securities (described in this prospectus or otherwise), including other public or private transactions and short sales. Underwriters
may offer securities to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly
by one or more firms acting as underwriters. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters
to purchase the securities will be subject to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the offered
securities if they purchase any of them. The underwriters may change from time to time any initial public offering price and any discounts
or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. If
dealers are used in the sale of securities offered through this prospectus, we will sell the securities to them as principals. They may
then resell those securities to the public at varying prices determined by the dealers at the time of resale. The prospectus supplement
will include the names of the dealers and the terms of the transaction. Direct
sales and sales through agents We
may sell the securities offered through this prospectus directly. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. Such securities
may also be sold through agents designated from time to time. The prospectus supplement will name any agent involved in the offer or
sale of the offered securities and will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement,
any agent will agree to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period of its appointment. We
may sell the securities directly to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the
Securities Act with respect to any sale of those securities. The terms of any such sales will be described in the prospectus supplement. Underwriter,
dealer or agent discounts and commissions Underwriters,
dealers or agents may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from us or our purchasers as their agents
in connection with the sale of securities. These underwriters, dealers or agents may be considered to be underwriters under the Securities
Act. As a result, discounts, commissions, or profits on resale received by the underwriters, dealers or agents may be treated as underwriting
discounts and commissions. Each prospectus supplement will identify any such underwriter, dealer or agent, and describe any compensation
received by them from us. Any initial public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers
may be changed from time to time. The maximum commission or discount to be received by any underwriter, dealer or agent will not be greater
than eight percent (8%) of the maximum gross proceeds of the securities that may be sold under this prospectus. 25 Delayed
delivery contracts If
the prospectus supplement indicates, we may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers from certain types of institutions
to purchase securities at the public offering price under delayed delivery contracts. These contracts would provide for payment and delivery
on a specified date in the future. The contracts would be subject only to those conditions described in the prospectus supplement. The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe the commission payable for solicitation of those contracts. Market
making, stabilization and other transactions Unless
the applicable prospectus supplement states otherwise, each series of offered securities will be a new issue and will have no established
trading market. We may elect to list any series of offered securities on an exchange. Any underwriters that we use in the sale of offered
securities may make a market in such securities, but may discontinue such market making at any time without notice. Therefore, we cannot
assure you that the securities will have a liquid trading market. Any
underwriter may also engage in stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Rule 104
under the Securities Exchange Act. Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase the underlying security in the open market for the
purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the securities. Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases of the securities
in the open market after the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. Penalty
bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the securities originally sold by the syndicate
member are purchased in a syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. Stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering
transactions and penalty bids may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would be in the absence of the transactions.
The underwriters may, if they commence these transactions, discontinue them at any time. Derivative
transactions and hedging We,
the underwriters or other agents may engage in derivative transactions involving the securities. These derivatives may consist of short
sale transactions and other hedging activities. The underwriters or agents may acquire a long or short position in the securities, hold
or resell securities acquired and purchase options or futures on the securities and other derivative instruments with returns linked
to or related to changes in the price of the securities. In order to facilitate these derivative transactions, we may enter into security
lending or repurchase agreements with the underwriters or agents. The underwriters or agents may affect the derivative transactions through
sales of the securities to the public, including short sales, or by lending the securities in order to facilitate short sale transactions
by others. The underwriters or agents may also use the securities purchased or borrowed from us or others (or, in the case of derivatives,
securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives) to directly or indirectly settle sales of the securities or close out
any related open borrowings of the securities. Electronic
auctions We
may also make sales through the Internet or through other electronic means. Since we may from time to time elect to offer securities
directly to the public, with or without the involvement of agents, underwriters or dealers, while utilizing the Internet or other forms
of electronic bidding or ordering systems for the pricing and allocation of such securities, you should pay particular attention to the
description of that system we will provide in a prospectus supplement. Such
electronic system may allow bidders to directly participate, through electronic access to an auction site, by submitting conditional
offers to buy that are subject to acceptance by us, and which may directly affect the price or other terms and conditions at which such
securities are sold. These bidding or ordering systems may present to each bidder, on a so-called “real-time” basis, relevant
information to assist in making a bid, such as the clearing spread at which the offering would be sold, based on the bids submitted,
and whether a bidder’s individual bids would be accepted, prorated or rejected. For example, in the case of a debt security, the
clearing spread could be indicated as a number of “basis points” above an index treasury note. Of course, many pricing methods
can and may also be used. Upon
completion of such an electronic auction process, securities will be allocated based on prices bid, terms of bid or other factors. The
final offering price at which securities would be sold and the allocation of securities among bidders would be based in whole or in part
on the results of the Internet or other electronic bidding process or auction. General
information Agents,
underwriters, and dealers may be entitled, under agreements entered into with us, to indemnification by us against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. 26 Legal
Matters The
validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for Cassava Sciences by Jones Day. Additional legal matters
may be passed upon for any underwriters, dealers or agents by counsel that will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement. Experts The consolidated
financial statements of Cassava Sciences, Inc., appearing in Cassava Sciences, Inc. Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December
31, 2024, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon,
included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in
reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. Where
You Can Find More Information We
file annual, quarterly and other reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public
over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2024, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments to those reports, and other information
that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act can also be accessed free of charge through
the Internet by visiting our website at www.www.cassavasciences.com. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information and materials contained on our website, except
for our SEC filings expressly described below, are not part of this prospectus and are not incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Information
Incorporated By Reference The
SEC allows us to incorporate by reference into this prospectus certain information we file with it, which means that we can disclose
important information by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this
prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede information contained in this prospectus
and any accompanying prospectus supplement. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below that we have previously filed with
the SEC (excluding any portions of any Form 8-K that are not deemed “filed” pursuant to the General Instructions of Form
8-K): ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024; ● | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 , June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 ; ● | our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on April 14, 2025, to the extent incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2025 , February 27, 2025 , March 11, 2025 , March 25, 2025 , April 21, 2025 , May 27, 2025 , August 4, 2025 , October 22, 2025 and October 24, 2025 ; and ● | the description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.2 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025, and any further amendment or report filed hereafter for the purpose of updating such description pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. We
also incorporate by reference into this prospectus additional documents that we may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of the filing of the initial registration statement and prior to effectiveness of the
registration statement and the completion or termination of the offering, but excluding any information deemed furnished and not
filed with the SEC. Any statements contained in a previously filed document incorporated by reference into this prospectus is deemed
to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus, or in a subsequently
filed document also incorporated by reference herein, modifies or supersedes that statement. We
will provide at no cost to each person who requests, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered a copy of any
document we incorporate by reference, excluding all exhibits to such incorporated documents (unless we have specifically incorporated
by reference such exhibits either in this prospectus or in the incorporated document). You may request a copy of these filings by telephoning
us at (512) 501-2444 or by writing us at the following address: Cassava
Sciences, Inc. 6801
N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building 1, Suite 300 Austin,
TX 78731 United
States of America Attn:
Investor Relations 27 $200,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Depositary
Shares Warrants Rights Debt
Securities Units PROSPECTUS ,
2025 The
information in this prospectus supplement is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus supplement is not an offer to sell these securities
and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED NOVEMBER 12, 2025 PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT Up
to $50,000,000 Common
Stock We have
entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”), with Cantor
Fitzgerald & Co, (“Cantor”), relating to shares of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, offered by
this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, from time to time
we may offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $50,000,000 through Cantor, acting
as “Sales Agent,” pursuant to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus. Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SAVA.” On November 11, 2025, the closing price of
our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $3.11 per share. Sales
of shares of our common stock, if any, under this prospectus supplement may be made in sales deemed to be an “at the market offering”
as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to
the terms of the Sales Agreement, Cantor is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amounts of securities but will act as
our Sales Agent using commercially reasonable best efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices on mutually agreed
terms between Cantor and us. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement. We
will pay Cantor up to 3.0% of the aggregate sales price received by it from each sale of common stock sold through
it acting as Sales Agent. In connection with the sale of our common stock on our behalf, Cantor will be deemed to be an “underwriter”
within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of Cantor will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We
have also agreed to provide indemnification and contributions to Cantor against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page S-11 of this prospectus supplement for more information
regarding our arrangements with Cantor. Investing
in our common stock involves risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-3 of this prospectus supplement and page 3 of
the accompanying prospectus, and the risks set forth under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in the documents that are
incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved
of these securities or determined if this prospectus supplement or the accompanying prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation
to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus supplement is , 2025. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Prospectus
Supplement Prospectus
Supplement Page
About This Prospectus Supplement | S-i
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information | S- ii
Prospectus Supplement Summary | S-1
Risk Factors | S-3
Use of Proceeds | S-6
Dilution | S-7
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders | S-8
Plan of Distribution | S-11
Where You Can Find More Information | S-12
Information Incorporated by Reference | S-13
Legal Matters | S-14
Experts | S-14 ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT This
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus form part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the SEC,
using a “shelf” registration process relating to the common stock described in this prospectus supplement. Before buying
any of the common stock that we are offering, we urge you to carefully read this entire prospectus supplement and the accompanying
prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference that are described under the headings “Where You Can Find
More Information” and “Information Incorporated by Reference” on pages S-12 and S-13 of this prospectus
supplement. These documents contain important information that you should consider when making your investment
decision. This
prospectus supplement describes the terms of this offering and adds to and updates information contained in the accompanying prospectus.
The accompanying prospectus provides more general information, some of which may not apply to this offering. Generally, when we refer
to this prospectus, we are referring to this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus combined. To the extent there is a
conflict between the information contained in this prospectus supplement, on the one hand, and the information contained in the accompanying
prospectus, on the other hand, you should rely on the information contained in this prospectus supplement. You
should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. We have not, and the Sales Agent
has not, authorized anyone to provide additional information or information different from that contained or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not rely on it. Neither we, nor
the Sales Agent, take any responsibility for, and provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may
give you. This prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, the securities offered
by this prospectus in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. Neither the delivery of this prospectus
nor the sale of shares of common stock means that information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus is correct after
its respective dates. These documents do not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy these shares of common stock
in any circumstances under which the offer or solicitation is unlawful. Unless
otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to “Cassava Sciences,” “we,”
“us,” “our” or “the Company” are to Cassava Sciences, Inc. S- i Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Information This
prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement contains certain statements that are
considered forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies,
anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “should,” “will”
and “would” or the negatives of these terms or other comparable terminology. The
forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all
information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the timing
of events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to statements about: ● | the safety profile or treatment benefits, if any, of simufilam; ● | our ability to conduct planned preclinical studies of simufilam relating to epilepsy in Tuberous Sclerosis Complex (“TSC”); ● | our ability to initiate an initial proof-of-concept clinical study of simufilam in TSC-related epilepsy in first-half 2026; ● | our ability to initiate, conduct or analyze additional clinical and non-clinical studies with our product candidates targeted at central nervous system disorders, including TSC-related epilepsy; ● | our ability to successfully carry out our obligations under our License Agreement with Yale, for which we have assumed all responsibility for global development and commercialization for simufilam for the treatment of TSC-related epilepsy; ● | our plans or ability to expand therapeutic indications for simufilam outside of Alzheimer’s disease; ● | our reliance on third-party contractors to conduct all of our clinical and non-clinical trials and to make drug supply, or their ability to do so on-time or on-budget; ● | limitations around the interpretation of data from any studies that are not randomized controlled trials; ● | the impact of pre-clinical findings on our ability to develop our product candidates; ● | the interpretation of results from our pre-clinical or early clinical studies, such as Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies; ● | the safety, efficacy, or potential therapeutic benefits of our product candidates; ● | our use of exploratory ‘research use only’ non-safety related biomarkers in our clinical studies; ● | our ability to file for and obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates; ● | our strategy and ability to establish an infrastructure to commercialize any product candidates, if approved; ● | the potential future revenues of our product candidates, if approved and commercialized; ● | the market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved and commercialized; ● | the pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved and commercialized; ● | the utility of protection, or the sufficiency, of our intellectual property; S- ii ● | our potential competitors or competitive products for therapeutic areas we may elect to pursue; ● | our need to raise new capital from time to time to finance our operations and the impact of macroeconomic conditions on our ability to effectively raise capital; ● | our use of multiple third-party vendors and collaborators, including a Clinical Research Organization (“CRO”), to conduct clinical and non-clinical studies of our lead product candidate; ● | expectations regarding trade secrets, technological innovations, licensing agreements and outsourcing of certain business functions; ● | our expenses or incurred costs increasing by material amounts in excess of budgeted amounts due to unexpected cost overruns, imperfect forecasting, increased scope of activities or other causes; ● | fluctuations in our financial or operating results; ● | our operating losses, anticipated operating and capital expenditures and legal expenses; ● | expectations regarding the issuance of shares of common stock, options or other equity to employees or directors pursuant to equity compensation awards, net of employment taxes; ● | the development and maintenance of our internal information systems and infrastructure; ● | our ability to minimize the likelihood and impact of adverse cybersecurity incidents in our information systems and infrastructure; ● | our ability to attract and retain personnel; ● | existing or emerging regulations and regulatory developments in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate; ● | our expectations regarding the appropriate size and scope of our operations; ● | the sufficiency and expected use of our cash resources, including the proceeds, if any, from this offering, to continue to fund our operations; ● | potential future agreements with third parties in connection with the commercialization of our product candidates; ● | the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, loss contingency reserves, capital requirements, and needs for additional financing; ● | assumptions and estimates used for our disclosures regarding stock-based compensation; S- iii ● | potential impacts of reductions-in-force at government agencies, including FDA, whose engagement with us in the drug development process is critical for the advancement of our investigational product candidates; ● | the expense, timing and outcome of pending or future litigation or other legal proceedings and claims (including U.S. government inquiries) including the potential for negotiated settlements of such matters; and ● | litigation, claims or other uncertainties that may arise from allegations made against us or our former employees or collaborators and the potential resolution of same. Please also refer
to the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10- and in any of our subsequently
filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as such risk factors may be further amended, updated or modified periodically in our reports
filed with the SEC, for further information on these and other risks affecting us. We
caution you not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because our future results may differ materially from those expressed
or implied by them. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, relating to the matters discussed
in this prospectus supplement, except as required by law. This
prospectus supplement may also contain statistical data and drug information received from our independent consultants or based on industry
publications or other publicly available information. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the data contained
in these sources of data and information. Accordingly, we make no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of such data and
information. You are cautioned not to give undue weight to such data and information. Our
research programs in neurodegeneration have historically benefited from scientific and financial support from the National Institutes
of Health (“NIH”). The contents of this prospectus supplement are solely our responsibility and do not necessarily represent
any official views of NIH, the Department of Health and Human Services, or any other agency of the United States government, or any of
our vendors, collaborators or unrelated third-parties. All
our pharmaceutical assets under development are investigational product candidates. These have not been approved for use in any medical
indication by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction and their safety, efficacy or other desirable attributes, if any, have not
been established in any patient population. Consequently, none of our product candidates are approved or available for sale anywhere
in the world. Our
clinical results from earlier-stage clinical trials may not be indicative of future results from later-stage or larger scale clinical
trials and do not ensure regulatory approval. You are cautioned that subsequent results may differ materially. S- iv Prospectus
Supplement Summary This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus supplement or incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement.
This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider before making an investment decision. Before making an
investment decision, you should read carefully in its entirety this prospectus supplement, including the matters discussed in “Risk
Factors” in this prospectus supplement, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as such risk factors may be amended, updated
or modified periodically in our reports filed with the SEC and the financial data and related notes and the reports incorporated by reference
in this prospectus supplement. Company
Overview Cassava
Sciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company based in Austin, Texas. Our mission is to detect and treat central nervous system
disorders, such as TSC-related epilepsy. Our novel science is based on affecting the activity of a critical protein in the brain for
patients with certain central nervous system disorders, such as TSC. We
combine innovative technology with new insights in neurobiology to develop novel solutions targeting central nervous system disorders,
such as TSC-related epilepsy. Our strategy is to leverage our unique scientific/clinical platform to develop first-in-class programs
for treating central nervous system disorders. Our
lead therapeutic product candidate, called simufilam, is a proprietary small molecule oral treatment drug being studied for the treatment
of TSC-related epilepsy. Corporate
Information We
were incorporated in Delaware in May 1998. Our principal executive offices are located at 6801 N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building
1, Suite 300, Austin, TX, 78731, and our telephone number at that address is (512) 501-2444. Additional
information regarding our company is set forth in documents on file with the SEC and incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement,
as described below under the sections entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Information Incorporated
by Reference.” S- 1 The
Offering Issuer | Cassava Sciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Common Stock Offered | Up to $50,000,000 million of our common stock, par value $0.001 per share.
Common Stock to be Outstanding Immediately After This Offering (1) | Up to 16,077,170 shares, assuming sales of 16,077,170 shares of our common stock in this offering at an offering price of $3.11 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 11, 2025. The actual number of shares issued will vary depending on how many shares of our common stock we choose to sell and the prices at which such sales occur.
Plan of Distribution | “At the market offering” that may be made from time to time on the Nasdaq Capital Market or other existing trading market for our common stock through or to the Agent, as sales agent or principal. See “Plan of Distribution” on page S-11.
Use of Proceeds | We intend to use the net proceeds, if any, from the sale of the shares that we may offer under this prospectus supplement, after deducting commissions and estimated offering expenses, for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements, including development of simufilam, our lead product candidate for the treatment of TSC-related epilepsy. See “Use of Proceeds” on page S-6.
Risk Factors | Before deciding to invest in shares of our common stock, you should read carefully the risks set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-3 of this prospectus supplement and page 3 of the accompanying prospectus, and the risks set forth under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement for certain considerations relevant to an investment in our common stock.
Nasdaq Capital Market symbol | SAVA
Transfer agent and registrar | Computershare Shareowner Services LLC (1)
Based on 48,307,896 shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2025, and excludes, as of that date, the following: ● | 4,109,093 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options having a weighted-average exercise price of $15.23 per share; ● | 7,142 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding performance awards; ● | 610,022 shares of common stock reserved for issuance and available for future grant under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan; and ● | 58,017 shares of common stock reserved for issuance and available for future grant under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S- 2 Risk
Factors An
investment in our common stock is subject to risk. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected by any of these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or
part of your investment. Before you decide to invest in our common stock, you should carefully read this prospectus summary in its entirety
and carefully consider the risks described herein and “Risk Factors” in the accompanying prospectus, in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 and in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as such risks may be amended, updated or modified periodically in our reports filed with the SEC, and the financial
data and related notes and the reports incorporated by reference herein or therein, as well as the other information included in and
incorporated by reference in this prospectus supplement. Risks
Related to this Offering and Our Common Stock We
have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from this offering and may not use them effectively. Our
management has broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds from this offering, and you will not have the opportunity as part
of your investment decision to assess whether the net proceeds are being used appropriately. Our management could spend the net proceeds
from this offering in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock. The failure by our
management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
cause the price of our common stock to decline and delay the development of our product candidates. Pending their use, we may invest
the net proceeds from this offering in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. You
could lose all of your investment. An
investment in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should be aware that the value
of an investment in us may go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no certainty that the market value of an investment in us
will fully reflect its underlying value. You could lose your entire investment. We
may issue preferred stock with rights senior to our common stock. Our
certificate of incorporation authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval. These shares may have
dividend, voting, liquidation and other rights and preferences that are senior to the rights of our common stock. In addition, such shares
of preferred stock may be convertible into common stock. Conversion of preferred stock into our common stock may dilute the value of
our common stock, which may adversely affect the value of your common stock. If
you purchase shares of common stock sold in this offering, you will incur immediate and substantial dilution. If
you purchase shares of our common stock in this offering, you will experience substantial and immediate dilution in the pro forma net
tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering because the price that you pay will be substantially greater than
the pro forma net tangible book value per share of the common stock that you acquire. For more information, see “Dilution”
on page S-7. You
may experience future dilution under our equity incentive plans, and when we otherwise issue additional shares of common stock as a result
of future equity offerings or other equity issuances. You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other equity issuances. In
order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer and issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for our common stock. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other
offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors
purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price per share at which
we sell additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock in future transactions
may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering. In addition, we have also registered all of the shares of common stock
that we may issue under our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, and as of September 30, 2025, there were 4,109,093
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options outstanding under our stock option plans at a weighted average exercise
price of $15.23 per share, 7,142 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding performance awards, 610,022
additional shares of common stock were reserved for potential future issuance under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and an aggregate of
58,017 shares of common stock were reserved for potential future issuance under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You will incur
dilution upon the grant of any shares pursuant to such plan, upon vesting of any stock awards under any such plan, or upon exercise of
any such outstanding options. S- 3 A
substantial amount of our common stock may be sold in the market following this offering, which may depress the market price for our
common stock. Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market following this offering could cause the market price of our
common stock to decline. Although there can be no assurance that any of the $50,000,000 of shares being offered under this prospectus
supplement will be sold or the price at which any such shares might be sold, assuming that an aggregate of 16,077,170 shares
of our common stock are sold during the term of the sales agreement with the Agent, at a price of $3.11 per share, the last
reported sale price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on November 11, 2025, upon completion of this offering,
based on our shares outstanding as of September 30, 2025, we will have outstanding an aggregate of 64,385,066 shares of common
stock outstanding, assuming no exercise of outstanding stock options and no purchases of stock under our employee stock purchase plan.
A substantial majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock are, and all of the shares sold in this offering upon issuance will
be, freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless these shares are owned or purchased
by “affiliates” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. The
market price of our common stock has historically been highly volatile, and we expect it to continue to be volatile, which could result
in substantial losses for investors who purchase our shares. Our
common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and may continue to experience volatility in the future. For
example, the market price of our common stock has fluctuated from an intra-day low of $1.15 to an intra-day high of $33.98 over the 12
months preceding the date of this prospectus supplement. This volatility may affect the price at which you could sell shares of our
common stock, and the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our stock
price is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to significant price and volume fluctuations in response to market and other factors,
including those described elsewhere in this prospectus supplement, the accompanying prospectus, and the documents incorporated by reference
herein and therein. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: ● | the success of existing or new competitive products or technologies; ● | the timing and results of clinical studies for our current product candidates and any future product candidates that we may develop; ● | failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; ● | results of preclinical studies, clinical studies, or regulatory approvals of product candidates of our competitors, or announcements about new research programs or product candidates of our competitors; ● | regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; ● | developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents, or other proprietary rights; ● | the recruitment or departure of key personnel; ● | the level of expenses related to any of our research programs, clinical development programs, or product candidates that we may develop; ● | the results of our efforts to develop additional product candidates or products; ● | actual or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results or development timelines; S- 4 ● | announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; ● | sales of our common stock by us, our insiders, or other stockholders; ● | short selling of our common stock, in which a seller sells shares of our common stock that the seller has borrowed from a third party, which often occurs when a short seller expects the price of our common stock to decline; ● | variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; ● | changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our common stock; ● | market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; ● | general economic, industry, and market conditions; and ● | securities litigation, regardless of merit. In
recent years, the stock market in general, Nasdaq, and the markets for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, has experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies
whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price
of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company’s
securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our
stock price, we are currently and may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources from our business. A
possible “short squeeze” due to a sudden increase in demand of our common stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to further
price volatility in our common stock. Investors
may purchase shares of our common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock.
Speculation on the price of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the
number of shares of our common stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium
to repurchase our common stock for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the
price of our common stock until investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional shares of common stock to cover their short
position. This is often referred to as a “short squeeze.” A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in shares
of our common stock that are not directly correlated to the performance or prospects of our company and once investors purchase the shares
necessary to cover their short position the price of our common stock may decline. Because
we do not intend to declare cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future, stockholders must rely on appreciation
of the value of our common stock for any return on their investment. Other
than our special non-dividend distributions in December 2010 and December 2012, we have not paid cash dividends on our common stock.
We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate
declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of any existing or future debt agreements may
preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, we expect that only appreciation of the price of our common stock, if any, will provide
a return to investors in this offering for the foreseeable future. S- 5 Use
of Proceeds We
intend to use the net proceeds, if any, from the sale of the shares that we may offer under this prospectus supplement, after deducting
commissions and estimated offering expenses, for general corporate purposes and working capital requirements, including development of
simufilam, our lead product candidate for the treatment of TSC-related epilepsy. This represents our best estimate of the manner in which
we will use any net proceeds we receive from this offering based on the status of our business, but we have not allocated a specific
portion of the net proceeds for any particular use at this time. For example, while we do not have any current plans or understandings
to do so, we may also use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering for capital expenditures, licensing or acquiring intellectual
property or technologies, or to fund possible investments in and acquisitions of complementary businesses or partnerships. We will have
broad discretion in the application of any net proceeds we receive from this offering, and we could use any such proceeds for purposes
other than those currently contemplated. Pending
their ultimate use, we intend to invest the net proceeds in a variety of securities, which may include commercial paper, government and
non-government debt securities and/or money market funds that invest in such securities, in each case, consistent with the Company’s
investment policy. S- 6 Dilution If
you invest in our common stock, your interest will be diluted to the extent of the difference between the public offering price per share
you pay in this offering and the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. Net
tangible book value per share is determined by subtracting our total liabilities from our total tangible assets, which is total assets
less intangible assets, and dividing this amount by the number of shares of common stock outstanding. The historical net tangible book
value of our common stock, as of September 30, 2025, was approximately $81.4 million, or $1.69 per share, based on 48,307,896 shares
of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2025 as reported in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September
30, 2025. Dilution in net tangible book value per share represents the difference between the amount per share paid by purchasers of
shares of common stock in this offering and the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. After
giving effect to the sale of shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed offering price of $3.11 per share, and after
deducting estimated commissions and offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value at September 30, 2025 would
have been approximately $129.9 million, or $2.02 per share. This represents an immediate dilution of $1.09 per share
to new investors purchasing shares of common stock in this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution: Assumed offering price per share | $ | 3.11
Net tangible book value per share as of September 30, 2025 | $ | 1.69
Increase in net tangible book value per share attributable to the offering | $ | 0.33
As adjusted net tangible book value per share after giving effect to this offering | $ | 2.02
As adjusted dilution per share to investors participating in this offering | $ | 1.09 The
above illustration of dilution per share to investors participating in this offering assumes no exercise of outstanding options to purchase
our common stock. To the extent that any of these outstanding options are exercised or we issue additional shares under our equity incentive
plans, there will be further dilution to new investors. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions
or strategic considerations even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that
additional capital is raised through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result
in further dilution to our shareholders. The
above discussion and table are based on 48,307,896 shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and excludes, as of
that date, the following: ● | 4,109,093 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options having a weighted-average exercise price of $15.23 per share; ● | 7,142 shares of common stock issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding performance awards; ● | 610,022 shares of common stock reserved for issuance and available for future grant under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan; and ● | 58,017 shares of common stock reserved for issuance and available for future grant under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. S- 7 MATERIAL
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES TO NON-U.S. HOLDERS The
following is a general discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations related to the acquisition, ownership,
and disposition of our common stock by a non-U.S. holder, as defined below, that acquires our common stock pursuant to this offering,
but does not purport to be a complete analysis of all the potential tax considerations relating thereto. This discussion is based on
the current provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, applicable Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder,
judicial opinions, and published rulings of the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, all as in effect on the date of this prospectus
and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect, which may result in tax consequences
different from those discussed below. We have not sought, and will not seek, any ruling from the IRS or any opinion of counsel with respect
to the tax considerations discussed herein, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a position contrary to those discussed
below or that any position taken by the IRS will not be sustained. This
discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to a particular investor in light of the
investor’s individual circumstances. In addition, this discussion does not address (i) U.S. federal non-income tax laws, such as
the gift or estate tax laws, (ii) state, local or non-U.S. tax considerations, (iii) the special tax rules that may apply to certain
investors, including, without limitation, banks, insurance companies, financial institutions, controlled foreign corporations, passive
foreign investment companies, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, broker-dealers, grantor trusts, personal
holding companies, taxpayers who have elected mark-to-market accounting, tax-exempt entities, pension plans, entities or arrangements
classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or other pass-through entities or an investor in such entities or arrangements,
persons that own (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 5% or more of our common stock (except as set forth below) or U.S.
expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States, (iv) the special tax rules that may apply to an investor that acquires,
holds, or disposes of our common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, constructive sale, conversion or other integrated transaction, or
(v) the effect, if any, of any alternative minimum tax, the special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code,
or the Medicare contribution tax imposed on net investment income. This discussion assumes that a non-U.S. holder will hold our
common stock issued pursuant to this offering as a capital asset within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). As
used in this discussion, the term “United States person” means a person that is, or is treated for U.S. federal income tax
purposes as, (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation created or organized in the United States
or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the income of which is subject
to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (iv) a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise
primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial
decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect a valid election under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States
person. As used in this summary, the term “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of our common stock that is, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, neither a United States person nor a partnership (or an entity or arrangement classified as a partnership). The
tax treatment of an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and each partner thereof will
generally depend upon the status and activities of the partnership and such partner and certain determinations made at the partner level. An investor that is treated as a partnership
for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a partner in such partnership should consult its own tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income
tax considerations applicable to the partnership’s acquisition, ownership and disposition of our common stock. EACH
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATED TO THE ACQUISITION,
OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR COMMON STOCK, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF ANY STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX LAWS, AS
WELL AS U.S. FEDERAL ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS, AND ANY APPLICABLE INCOME TAX TREATY. Distributions
on Common Stock If
we pay cash or distribute property to non-U.S. holders of our common stock, such distributions generally will constitute dividends for
U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent paid from our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal
income tax principles. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated earnings and profits will constitute a return of capital that
will be applied against and reduce (but not below zero) the non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in our common stock. Any remaining
excess will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of the common stock and will be treated as described under “—Gain
on Sale, Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock” below. S- 8 Dividends
paid to a non-U.S. holder that are not effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United
States generally will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% or such lower rate as may be specified by
an applicable income tax treaty. A non-U.S. holder that wishes to claim the benefit of a reduced withholding rate under an applicable
income tax treaty generally will be required to submit to the applicable withholding agent a properly completed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS
Form W-8BEN-E (or appropriate successor form), as applicable, and certify under penalties of perjury that such non-U.S. holder is not
a United States person and is eligible for the benefits of the applicable income tax treaty. These forms may need to be periodically
updated. In the case of a non-U.S. holder that is an entity, applicable Treasury regulations and the relevant tax treaty may provide rules to determine
whether, for purposes of determining the applicability of the tax treaty, dividends will be treated as paid to the entity or to those
holding an interest in the entity. If a non-U.S. holder holds our common stock through a financial institution or other intermediary, such non-U.S. holder
generally will be required to provide the appropriate documentation to the financial institution or other intermediary. Dividends
that are effectively connected with a non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required by
an applicable income tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the non-U.S. holder in the United
States) generally are exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax. In order to obtain this exemption, a non-U.S. holder must provide the
applicable withholding agent a properly completed IRS Form W-8ECI (or appropriate successor form) certifying such exemption. Such effectively
connected dividends, although not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, are subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net-income basis
at the regular graduated U.S. federal income tax rates generally applicable to a United States person. Dividends received by a corporate
non-U.S. holder that are effectively connected with such non-U.S. holder’s conduct of a trade or business in the United States
(and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the non-U.S.
holder in the United States) may be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate (or such lower rate as may be specified
by an applicable income tax treaty). If
a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced rate of or an exemption from withholding tax pursuant to an income tax treaty but does
not timely provide the required certification, then such non-U.S. holder generally may obtain a refund of any excess amounts withheld
if such non-U.S. holder timely files an appropriate claim for refund with the IRS. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding any applicable income tax treaties that may provide for different rules. Gain
on Sale, Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Common Stock Subject
to the discussion below regarding backup withholding and FATCA, as defined below, any gain recognized by a non-U.S. holder on a sale,
exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax unless: ● | the gain is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business of the non-U.S. holder in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment or fixed base maintained by the non-U.S. holder in the United States), ● | the non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of that disposition, and certain other conditions are met, or ● | we are or have been at any time during the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of disposition and the period that the non-U.S. holder held the common stock a U.S. real property holding corporation, or a USRPHC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the non-U.S. holder is not eligible for an exemption under an applicable income tax treaty and either (i) our common stock is not be regularly traded on an established securities market during the calendar year in which the disposition occurs or (ii) such non-U.S. holder held more than 5% of our common stock at any time during the relevant period (as described below). Gain
that is described in the first bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular graduated U.S.
federal income tax rates generally applicable to a United States person. A non-U.S. holder that is a corporation also may be subject
to a branch profits tax at a rate of 30% (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty). A
non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet point above generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or
such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on any gain derived from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition,
which may be offset by certain U.S.-source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder, provided that the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. S- 9 With
respect to the third bullet point above, a U.S. corporation generally is a USRPHC if the fair market value of its U.S. real property
interests (as defined in the Code and applicable Treasury regulations) equals or exceeds 50% of the sum of the fair market value of its
worldwide real property interests and its other assets used or held for use in a trade or business. We believe that we are not currently
and do not anticipate becoming a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, because the determination of whether we are a
USRPHC depends on the fair market value of our U.S. real property interests relative to the fair market value of our non-U.S. real property
interests and our other business assets, there can be no assurance that we are not currently and will not become a USRPHC in the future.
Even if we are or were to become a USRPHC, gain arising from the sale or other taxable disposition by a non-U.S. holder of our common
stock will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax if our common stock is regularly traded, as defined by applicable Treasury regulations,
on an established securities market during the calendar year in which the disposition occurs and such non-U.S. holder has held at all times during the shorter of the five-year period
ending on the date of disposition or the non-U.S. holder’s holding period, actually or constructively, 5% or less of our common
stock. If a non-U.S. holder holds or held (at any time during the relevant period) more than 5% of our common stock and if we were a
USRPHC at any time during the relevant period, such non-U.S. holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the net gain
derived from a taxable disposition at the income tax rates generally applicable to a United States person. Our common stock is currently
listed on the NASDAQ and we believe that, for as long as our common stock continues to be so listed, our common stock will be treated
as “regularly traded on an established securities market.” Non-U.S.
holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the potential applicability of these rules as well as any income tax treaty
in their particular circumstances. Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding The
amount of dividends paid to a non-U.S. holder on our common stock and the tax, if any, withheld with respect to those dividends generally
must be reported annually to the IRS and to such non-U.S. holder of our common stock. Copies of the information returns reporting those
dividends and withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which the non-U.S. holder is a resident
under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or agreement. Information reporting also is generally required with respect to
the proceeds from sales and other dispositions of our common stock to or through the U.S. office (and in certain cases, the foreign office)
of a broker, unless the non-U.S. holder establishes that it is not a United States person. Under
some circumstances, Treasury regulations require backup withholding, currently at a rate of 24%, on reportable payments with respect
to our common stock. A non-U.S. holder generally may eliminate the requirement for U.S. federal backup withholding by providing the applicable
withholding agent certification of its foreign status, under penalties of perjury, on a duly executed applicable IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS
Form W-8BEN-E (or appropriate successor form), as applicable, or by otherwise establishing an exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
U.S. federal backup withholding may apply if the payor has actual knowledge, or reason to know, that the non-U.S. holder is a United
States person. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any U.S. federal backup withholding generally will
be allowed as a credit against a non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, and may entitle such non-U.S. holder
to a refund, provided that certain required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Non-U.S. holders are urged to consult their own
tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding and the availability of, and procedure for, obtaining an exemption
from backup withholding in their particular circumstances. FATCA
Withholding Under
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and the Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder, commonly referred
to as FATCA, a “non-financial foreign entity” or “foreign financial institution” generally will be subject to
a 30% withholding tax on dividends paid on our common stock and gross proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition of our common
stock (whether such entity or institution is the beneficial owner of our common stock or acting as an intermediary), unless (i) if the
non-U.S. holder is a “non-financial foreign entity,” it provides the applicable withholding agent with certain documentation
relating to its substantial U.S. owners, or otherwise certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S. owners, (ii) if the non-U.S.
holder is a “foreign financial institution,” it enters into an agreement with the Department of Treasury to, among other
things, report certain information regarding its accounts with or debt and equity interests held by certain United States persons and
withhold tax with respect to certain account holders and holders of debt and equity interests, and it establishes its compliance with
these rules by providing to the applicable withholding agent an IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or an appropriate
successor form) or (iii) the non-U.S. holder otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules and establishes such exemption by
providing the applicable withholding agent with an IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, or other applicable IRS Form W-8 (or an appropriate successor
form). However, the IRS has issued proposed Treasury regulations that eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds (but
not on payments of dividends). Pursuant to the preamble to the proposed Treasury regulations, any applicable withholding agent may (but
is not required to) rely on this proposed change to FATCA withholding until final Treasury regulations are issued or until the proposed
Treasury regulations are withdrawn. The rules relating to FATCA described above may be modified by an applicable intergovernmental agreement
between the United States and the jurisdiction in which the non-U.S. holder is a resident or is organized. We
will not pay any additional amounts to non-U.S. holders with respect to any amounts withheld, including pursuant to FATCA. Under certain
circumstances, a non-U.S. holder may be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Non-U.S. holders should consult their own tax
advisors regarding how FATCA may apply to their ownership and disposition of our common stock. S- 10 Plan
of Distribution We
have entered into the Sales Agreement with Cantor. Pursuant to this prospectus supplement, we may offer and sell shares of our common
stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $50.0 million from time to time through Cantor acting as sales agent. A copy of
the Sales Agreement has been filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-3 of which this prospectus supplement forms
a part. Upon
delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Cantor may sell shares of our common stock
by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the
Securities Act. We may instruct the Cantor not to sell common stock if the sales cannot be effected at or above the price designated
by us from time to time. We or Cantor may suspend the offering of common stock upon notice and subject to other conditions. We
will pay Cantor commissions, in cash, for its service in acting as agent in the sale of our common stock. Cantor will be entitled to
compensation at a commission rate of up to 3.0% of the sales price per share sold under the Sales Agreement. Because there is no minimum
offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to
us, if any, are not determinable at this time. We have also agreed to reimburse Cantor for certain specified expenses, including the
fees and disbursements of their legal counsel in an amount not to exceed $125,000 and certain ongoing expenses. We estimate that the
total expenses for the offering, excluding compensation and reimbursements payable to Cantor under the terms of the Sales Agreement,
will be approximately $315,000. Settlement
for sales of shares of our common stock will occur on the first business day following the date on which any sales are made, or on some
other date that is agreed upon by us and Cantor in connection with a particular transaction, in return for payment of the net proceeds
to us. Sales of our common stock as contemplated in this prospectus supplement will be settled through the facilities of The Depository
Trust Company or by such other means as we and Cantor may agree upon. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in an escrow,
trust or similar arrangement. Cantor
will use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its sales and trading practices, to solicit offers to purchase the common
stock under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. In connection with the sale of the common stock
on our behalf, Cantor will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation
of Cantor will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to Cantor
against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. The
offering of shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the termination of the Sales Agreement as
permitted therein. Cantor
and its affiliates may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services for us and our
affiliates, for which services they may in the future receive customary fees. To the extent required by Regulation M, Cantor will not
engage in any market making activities involving our common stock while the offering is ongoing under this prospectus supplement. This
prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus may be made available in electronic format on a website maintained by Cantor and
Cantor may distribute this prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus electronically. S- 11 Where
You Can Find More Information We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement under the Securities Act that registers the securities offered hereby. The registration
statement, including the exhibits and schedules attached thereto and the information incorporated by reference therein, contains additional
relevant information about the securities and our company, which we are allowed to omit from this prospectus supplement pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the SEC. In addition, we file annual, quarterly and other reports, proxy statements and other information with
the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. Our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, including
any amendments to those reports, and other information that we file with or furnish to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, can also be accessed free of charge through the Internet by visiting
our website at www.cassavasciences.com. These filings will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file
such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information
and materials contained on our website, except for the SEC filings expressly described above, are neither incorporated by reference into
this prospectus supplement nor a part hereof or any other document we file with or furnish to the SEC. S- 12 INformation
incorporated by reference The
SEC allows us to incorporate by reference into this prospectus certain information we file with it, which means that we can disclose
important information by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this
prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede information contained in this prospectus.
We incorporate by reference the documents listed below that we have previously filed with the SEC (excluding any portions of any Form
8-K that are not deemed “filed” pursuant to the General Instructions of Form 8-K): ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024; ● | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2025 , June 30, 2025 and September 30, 2025 ; ● | our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on April 14, 2025, to the extent incorporated by reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2025 , February 27, 2025 , March 11, 2025 , March 25, 2025 , April 21, 2025 , May 27, 2025 , August 4, 2025 , October 22, 2025 and October 24, 2025 ; and ● | the description of our common stock contained in Exhibit 4.2 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 3, 2025, and any further amendment or report filed hereafter for the purpose of updating such description pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. We
also incorporate by reference into this prospectus supplement additional documents that we may file with the SEC under Sections 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of the filing of the initial registration statement and prior to effectiveness
of the registration statement and the completion or termination of the offering, but excluding any information deemed furnished and
not filed with the SEC. Any statements contained in a previously filed document incorporated by reference into this prospectus supplement
or the accompanying prospectus is deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus supplement to the extent that a
statement contained in this prospectus supplement, or in a subsequently filed document also incorporated by reference herein, modifies
or supersedes that statement. We
will provide at no cost to each person who requests, including any beneficial owner, to whom this prospectus is delivered a copy of any
document we incorporate by reference, excluding all exhibits to such incorporated documents (unless we have specifically incorporated
by reference such exhibits either in this prospectus or in the incorporated document). You may request a copy of these filings by telephoning
us at (512) 501-2444 or by writing us at the following address: Cassava
Sciences, Inc. 6801
N. Capital of Texas Highway, Building 1, Suite 300 Austin,
TX 78731 United
States of America Attn:
Investor Relations S- 13 Legal
Matters Certain
legal matters in connection with this offering will be passed upon for us by Jones Day. Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. is being represented
in connection with this offering by Cooley LLP, New York, New York. Experts The
consolidated financial statements of Cassava Sciences, Inc., appearing in Cassava Sciences, Inc. Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year
ended December 31, 2024, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their
report thereon, included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein
by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. S- 14 Up
to $50,000,000 Common
Stock PROSPECTUS
SUPPLEMENT ,
2025 Part
II Information
Not Required in the Prospectus Item
14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The
aggregate estimated expenses (other than underwriting discounts and commissions) which will be paid or have been paid by Cassava Sciences
in connection with a distribution of securities registered hereby are as follows: Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 27,620
Accounting fees and expenses | (1 | )
Legal fees and expenses | (1 | )
Printing expenses | (1 | )
Transfer agent fees and expenses | (1 | )
Miscellaneous | (1 | )
Total | $ | (1 | ) (1) | These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item
15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that eliminate, to the maximum extent permitted by the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the personal liability of directors and executive officers for monetary damages for breach
of their fiduciary duties as a director or officer. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that we
shall indemnify our directors and executive officers and may indemnify our employees and other agents to the fullest extent permitted
by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Sections
145 and 102(b)(7) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware provide that a corporation may indemnify any person made a
party to an action by reason of the fact that he or she was a director, executive officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is
or was serving at the request of the corporation against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid
in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with such action if he or she acted in good faith and in a
manner he or she reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal
action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, except that, in the case of an action by or
in right of the corporation, no indemnification may generally be made in respect of any claim as to which such person is adjudged to
be liable to the corporation. We
have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and intend to enter into indemnification agreements with any new
directors and executive officers in the future. We
have purchased and intend to maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of our company against any
loss arising from any claim asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her in any such capacity, subject to certain exclusions. See
also the undertakings set out in our response to Item 17 herein. II- 1 Item
16. Exhibits The
following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein: Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No. | Description | Form | Filing Date | Exhibit No. | Filed Herewith
1.1 | * | Form of Underwriting Agreement
1.2 | Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated November 12, 2025, between Cassava Sciences, Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. | X
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation | 10-Q | 7/29/2005 | 3.1
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation | 8-K | 5/8/2017 | 3.1
3.3 | Certificate of Amendment of Restated Certificate of Incorporation | 10-K | 3/29/2019 | 3.3
3.4 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of Cassava Sciences, Inc. | 8-K | 9/13/2023 | 3.4
4.1 | Form of Senior Indenture | S-3 | 2/10/2021 | 4.5
4.2 | Form of Subordinated Indenture | S-3 | 2/10/2021 | 4.6
4.3 | Form of Senior Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.1) | S-3 | 2/10/2021 | 4.7
4.4 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.2) | S-3 | 2/10/2021 | 4.8
4.5 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate | 10-Q | 8/12/2019 | 4.1
4.6 | * | Form of Certificate of Designation
4.7 | * | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.8 | * | Form of Deposit Agreement
4.9 | * | Form of Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 4.8)
4.10 | * | Form of Warrant Agreement
4.11 | * | Form of Warrant Certificate
4.12 | * | Form of Subscription Rights Agreement
4.13 | * | Form of Unit Agreement
5.1 | Opinion of Jones Day relating to the base prospectus | X
5.2 | Opinion of Jones Day relating to the “at the market offering” prospectus supplement | X
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | X
23.2 | Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.1) | X
23.3 | Consent of Jones Day (included in Exhibit 5.2) | X
24.1 | Power of Attorney (set forth on the signature page of this registration statement) | X
25.1 | ** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended*
25.2 | ** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended*
107 | Filing Fee Tables | X * | To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit to a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. **
To be filed pursuant to Rule 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act, as amended. II- 2 Item
17. Undertakings (a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however, that paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3
and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished
to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by
reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration
statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) | If the registrant is relying on Rule 430B, (A)
Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier
of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the
offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date
an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus
that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration
statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such
effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration
statement or made in any such document immediately prior to the effective date; or II- 3 (5)
That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant
to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities
are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer and sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing
of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where
applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to
the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. (b)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of
the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is,
therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant
of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding), is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered,
the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of
appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act
of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to
act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC
under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II- 4 Signatures Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Austin, State of Texas, on the 12th day of November, 2025. CASSAVA SCIENCES, INC.
By: | /s/ Richard Barry
Name: | Richard J. Barry
Title: | President and Chief Executive Officer Power
of Attorney KNOW
ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Richard Barry and Eric Schoen,
or either of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for
him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign the Registration Statement filed herewith and any
or all amendments to said Registration Statement (including pre-effective and post-effective amendments and registration statements filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and otherwise), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto,
and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents
the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the foregoing,
as full to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact
and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated: Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Richard J. Barry | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director | November 12, 2025
Richard J. Barry | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Eric J. Schoen | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and | November 12, 2025
Eric J. Schoen | Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Robert Anderson, Jr. | Director | November 12, 2025
Robert Anderson, Jr.
/s/ Dawn Carter Bir | Director | November 12, 2025
Dawn Carter Bir
/s/ Pierre Gravier | Director | November 12, 2025
Pierre Gravier
/s/ Robert Gussin | Director | November 12, 2025
Robert Gussin, Ph.D.
/s/ Claude Nicaise | Director | November 12, 2025
Claude Nicaise, M.D.
/s/ Michael O’Donnell | Director | November 12, 2025
Michael O’Donnell
/s/ Patrick Scannon | Director | November 12, 2025
Patrick Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. II- 5