DEF 14A 1 ddef14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT Definitive Proxy Statement SCHEDULE 14A (RULE 14A-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant x Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ¨ Check the appropriate box: ¨ | Preliminary Proxy Statement | ¨ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
x | Definitive Proxy Statement
¨ | Definitive Additional Materials
¨ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 Pain Therapeutics,
Inc. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): x | No fee required. ¨ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. (1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: (2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: (3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): (4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: (5) | Total fee paid: ¨ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ¨ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) | Amount Previously Paid: (2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: (3) | Filing Party: (4) | Date Filed: Pain Therapeutics, Inc. NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS May 22, 2008 To the Stockholders: NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”), a Delaware corporation, will be held
on Thursday, May 22, 2008 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California, 94304, for the following purposes: 1. | To elect Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. as a Class II Director to serve for a three-year term and until his successor is duly elected and qualified (Proposal One); 2. | To approve the adoption of the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and the reservation of a total of 8,000,000 shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock for issuance thereunder as further increased by (i) any shares of Common Stock which have been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the Corporation’s 1998 Stock Plan as of the date of stockholder approval of the Plan, (ii) any shares of Common Stock subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the 1998 Stock Plan that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full and (iii) shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to awards granted under the 1998 Stock Plan that are forfeited to or repurchased by the Corporation (Proposal Two); 3. | To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008 (Proposal Three); and 4. | To transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy
Statement accompanying this Notice. Only stockholders of
record at the close of business on April 3, 2008 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. Sincerely,
/s/ Michael J. O'Donnell
Michael J. O’Donnell
Secretary San Mateo, California April 3, 2008 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT THIS PROXY STATEMENT IS FURNISHED IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOLICITATION OF PROXIES BY THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, FOR THE 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS. THE PROXY STATEMENT AND THE RELATED PROXY FORM ARE BEING DISTRIBUTED ON OR ABOUT APRIL 15, 2008. YOU CAN VOTE YOUR SHARES USING
ONE OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS: • | COMPLETE AND RETURN A WRITTEN PROXY CARD • | ATTEND THE COMPANY’S 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS AND VOTE ALL STOCKHOLDERS ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO ATTEND THE MEETING. HOWEVER, TO ENSURE YOUR REPRESENTATION AT
THE MEETING, YOU ARE URGED TO MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN THE POSTAGE-PREPAID ENVELOPE ENCLOSED FOR THAT PURPOSE. ANY STOCKHOLDER ATTENDING THE MEETING MAY VOTE IN PERSON EVEN IF HE OR SHE HAS
RETURNED A PROXY CARD. PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 2211 Bridgepointe Parkway, Suite 500 San Mateo, California 94404 PROXY STATEMENT INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING General The enclosed Proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. (which we will refer to as the
“Company” throughout this Proxy Statement) for use at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California,
94304, on Thursday, May 22, 2008, at 10:00 a.m., local time, and at any adjournment(s) thereof, for the purposes set forth herein and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Company’s principal executive offices
are located at the address listed at the top of the page and the telephone number is (650) 624-8200. The Company’s Annual Report and Annual Report on Form 10-K, containing financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, are
being mailed together with these proxy solicitation materials to all stockholders entitled to vote. This Proxy Statement, the accompanying Proxy, the Company’s Annual Report and Annual Report on Form 10-K will first be mailed on or about
April 15, 2008 to all stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting. THE COMPANY SHALL PROVIDE WITHOUT CHARGE TO ANY STOCKHOLDER SOLICITED BY THESE PROXY SOLICITATION MATERIALS A COPY OF THE COMPANY’S ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, TOGETHER WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS REQUIRED TO
BE FILED WITH THE ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, UPON REQUEST OF A STOCKHOLDER MADE IN WRITING TO PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC., 2211 BRIDGEPOINTE PARKWAY, SUITE 500, SAN MATEO, CALIFORNIA, 94404, ATTN: SENIOR MANAGER OF INVESTOR RELATIONS. Record Date and Share Ownership Stockholders of record at the close of business on April 3, 2008 (which
we will refer to as the “Record Date” throughout this Proxy Statement) are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and at any adjournment(s) thereof. The Company has one series of common shares issued and outstanding, designated
as Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”) and one series of undesignated Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the “Preferred Stock”). As of the Record Date, 120,000,000 shares of Common Stock were
authorized and 42,155,677 shares were issued and outstanding. As of the Record Date, 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock were authorized and none were issued or outstanding. Revocability of Proxies Any proxy given pursuant to this solicitation may be revoked by the person giving it at any time before its use by (A) delivering to the Company at
its principal offices (Attention: Senior Manager of Investor Relations) (i) a written notice of revocation or (ii) a duly executed proxy bearing a later date or (B) attending the meeting and voting in person. Voting On all matters, each share has one vote. See Proposal One — Election of One Class II Director — Vote Required. Solicitation of Proxies The Company will bear the entire cost of solicitation of proxies, including preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement, the
proxy and any additional information furnished to stockholders. Copies of solicitation materials will be furnished to banks, brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding in their names shares of the Company’s Common Stock beneficially
owned by others to forward to such beneficial owners. The Company may reimburse persons representing beneficial owners of Common Stock for their costs of forwarding solicitation materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies may also be solicited by
certain of the Company’s directors, officers and regular employees, without additional compensation, personally or by telephone or facsimile. Quorum; Abstentions; Broker Non-Votes Votes cast by proxy or in person at the Annual Meeting (“Votes Cast”) will be tabulated by the Inspector of Elections (the
“Inspector”) who will be a representative from BNY Mellon Shareowner Services, the Company’s Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Inspector will also determine whether or not a quorum is present. Except in certain specific circumstances,
the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is present is required under Delaware law for approval of proposals presented to stockholders. In general, Delaware law
provides that a quorum consists of a majority of shares entitled to vote and present or represented by proxy at the meeting. The Inspector will treat shares that are voted WITHHELD or ABSTAIN as being present and entitled to vote for purposes of determining the presence of a
quorum but will not be treated as votes in favor of approving any matter submitted to the stockholders for a vote. When proxies are properly dated, executed and returned, the shares represented by such proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in
accordance with the instructions of the stockholder. If no specific instructions are given, the shares will be voted (i) for the election of the nominee for director set forth herein; (ii) to approve the adoption of the 2008 Equity
Incentive Plan and the reservation of a total of 8,000,000 shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock for issuance thereunder; (iii) for the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as the independent registered public
accounting firm to the Company; and (iv) upon such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof, but will not be voted in the election of directors other than as provided in (i) above. If a broker indicates on the enclosed proxy or its substitute
that such broker does not have discretionary authority as to certain shares to vote on a particular matter (“broker non-votes”), those shares will be considered as present with respect to establishing a quorum for the transaction of
business. The Company believes that the tabulation procedures to be followed by the Inspector are consistent with the general statutory requirements in Delaware concerning voting of shares and determination of a quorum. Broker non-votes with respect to proposals set forth in this Proxy Statement
will not be considered “Votes Cast” and, accordingly, will not affect the determination as to whether the requisite majority of Votes Cast has been obtained with respect to a particular matter. Deadline for Receipt of Stockholder Proposals Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for action at a forthcoming
meeting if they comply with the requirements of the Company’s bylaws and the rules established by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). Under these requirements, proposals of stockholders of the Company that are intended to be presented by such stockholders at the Company’s 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders must be received by the Company no later than
December 17, 2008. A copy of the relevant bylaw provisions related to stockholder proposals is available upon written request to: Pain Therapeutics, Inc., 2211 Bridgepointe Parkway, Suite 500, San Mateo, California, 94404, Attention: Senior
Manager of Investor Relations. 2 PROPOSAL ONE ELECTION OF ONE CLASS II DIRECTOR Nominees The Company’s Board of Directors has six authorized directors and currently consists of six members. The Company has a classified Board of Directors,
which is divided into three classes of directors whose terms expire at different times. The three classes are currently comprised of the following directors: • | Class I consists of Michael J. O’Donnell and Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. who will serve until the 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and who stand for re-election as Class I directors at such meeting; • | Class II consists of Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D., who will serve until the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; and • | Class III consists of Remi Barbier, Patrick Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. and Sanford R. Robertson, who will serve until the 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the
successors to directors whose terms will then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following election and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies
received by them for the Company’s nominees named below, who are currently directors of the Company. The nominees have consented to be named as nominees in the proxy statement and to continue to serve as directors if elected. If the nominee
becomes unable or declines to serve as a director or if additional persons are nominated at the meeting, the proxy holders intend to vote all proxies received by them in such a manner as will assure the election of the nominees listed below if
possible (or, if new nominees have been designated by the Board of Directors, in such a manner as to elect such nominees), and the specific nominees to be voted for will be determined by the proxy holders. The nominee for the Class II Director and his biographical information are as
follows: • | Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D.’s , biographical information can be found below in the Directors and Executive Officers section. The Company is not aware of any reason that
the nominee will be unable or will decline to serve as a director. The term of office of the person elected as a director will continue until the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders held in 2011 or until a successor has been elected and
qualified. Other than the relationships noted in the section “Employment and Other Agreements,” there are no arrangements or understandings between any director or executive officer and any other person pursuant to which he is or was to be
selected as a director or officer of the Company. Vote Required The director will be elected by a plurality vote of the
shares of the Company’s Common Stock present or represented and entitled to vote on this matter at the meeting. Accordingly, the candidate receiving the highest number of affirmative votes of shares represented and voting on this proposal at
the meeting will be elected as a director of the Company. Votes withheld from a nominee and broker non-votes will be counted for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum but, because directors are elected by a plurality vote, will
have no impact once a quorum is present. See “Quorum; Abstentions; Broker Non-Votes.” THE CLASS I AND III DIRECTORS RECOMMEND THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE CLASS
II NOMINEE LISTED ABOVE. 3 PROPOSAL TWO APPROVAL OF ADOPTION OF 2008 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN The Board of Directors is requesting that our stockholders approve a new equity incentive plan, the 2008 Equity Incentive
Plan (the “Incentive Plan”). The Company’s current 1998 Stock Plan is set to expire in September 2008. Our Board of Directors has approved the Incentive Plan, subject to approval from the stockholders at the 2008 Annual Meeting. If
the stockholders approve the Incentive Plan, it will replace our 1998 Stock Plan and no further awards will be made under the 1998 Stock Plan, but it will continue to govern awards previously granted thereunder. If the stockholders do not approve
the Incentive Plan, the 1998 Stock Plan will remain in effect through the remainder of its term. Approval of the Incentive Plan requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of our Common Stock that are present in person
or by proxy and entitled to vote at the 2008 Annual Meeting. The Board of Directors believes that long-term incentive compensation programs align the interests of management, employees and our stockholders to create long-term stockholder value. The Board of Directors believes that plans such as the
Incentive Plan increase our ability to achieve this objective, especially, in the case of the Incentive Plan, by allowing for several different forms of long-term incentive awards, which the Board of Directors believes will help the Company to
recruit, reward, motivate and retain talented personnel. As a result, we are seeking stockholder approval of the Incentive Plan. Changes Made in the Incentive Plan The following is a summary of some of the differences between the Incentive Plan and the 1998 Stock Plan. This comparative summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the actual text of the Incentive Plan, set forth as Appendix A. • | The 1998 Stock Plan allows only for the grant of stock options. The Incentive Plan would permit, in addition to awards of stock options, the award of stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and performance shares and other stock or cash awards as determined by the Incentive Plan Administrator. • | The Incentive Plan provides that the per share exercise price of a nonstatutory stock option will be no less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the date of grant. • | The 1998 Stock Plan did not allow for an option exchange program. Conditioned on receiving stockholder approval, the Incentive Plan allows the Administrator to implement an exchange program under which (i) outstanding awards may be surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type, awards of a different type, or cash, (ii) participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding award could be reduced. The Administrator may not, without stockholder approval, modify or amend an option or stock appreciation right to reduce its exercise price after it has been granted (except as otherwise provided in the Incentive Plan), or cancel any outstanding option or stock appreciation right and immediately replace it with a new option or stock appreciation right with a lower exercise price. • | The Incentive Plan has been drafted to include limitations to the number of shares that may be granted on an annual basis through individual Awards. Additionally, specific performance criteria have been added to the Incentive Plan so that the Administrator may establish performance objectives upon achievement of which certain Awards will vest or be issued, which in turn will allow the Company to receive income tax deductions under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Board of Directors believes strongly that the approval of the Incentive Plan is essential to our continued success. In particular, we believe that our employees are our most valuable assets and that the awards
permitted under the Incentive Plan are vital to our ability to attract and retain outstanding and highly skilled individuals in 4 the extremely competitive labor markets in which it competes. Such awards also are crucial to our ability to motivate our employees to achieve the
Company’s goals. Vote Required The approval of the Incentive Plan requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast on the proposal at the Annual Meeting. Recommendation of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends voting “ FOR ” the adoption of the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder . Summary of the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan The following is a summary of the principal features of the Incentive Plan
and its operation. The summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Incentive Plan itself set forth in Appendix A. The Incentive Plan provides for the grant of the following types of incentive awards: (i) stock options, (ii) stock appreciation rights,
(iii) restricted stock, (iv) restricted stock units, (v) performance units and performance shares, and (vi) and other stock or cash awards. Each of these is referred to individually as an “Award.” Those who will be
eligible for Awards under the Incentive Plan include employees, directors and consultants who provide services to the Company and its parent or subsidiaries. As of March 3, 2008, approximately 70 of our employees, directors and consultants
would be eligible to participate in the Incentive Plan. Number of Shares of Common Stock Available Under the Incentive Plan . The maximum aggregate number of shares that may be awarded and sold under the Incentive Plan is 8,000,000 shares plus (i) any shares that, as of the date of
stockholder approval of the Incentive Plan, have been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the 1998 Stock Plan, and (ii) any Shares subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the 1998 Stock Plan that expire
or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full and Shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the 1998 Stock Plan that are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company. The shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common
Stock. As of March 3, 2008, no Awards have been granted under the Incentive Plan. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units, is forfeited to or repurchased
by the Company, the unpurchased shares (or for Awards other than options and stock appreciation rights, the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Incentive Plan. Upon
exercise of a stock appreciation rights settled in shares, the net number of shares actually issued pursuant to the portion of the stock appreciation right will cease to be available under the Incentive Plan. Shares that have actually been issued
under the Incentive Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Incentive Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Incentive Plan; provided, however, that if shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units,
performance shares or performance units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such shares will become available for future grant under the Incentive Plan as described above. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award
and/or used to satisfy tax withholding obligations will not become available for future grant or sale under the Incentive Plan. To the extent an Award is paid out in cash rather than stock, such cash payment will not reduce the number of shares
available for issuance under the Incentive Plan. If we declare
a stock dividend or engage in a reorganization or other change in our capital structure, including a merger, the Administrator will adjust the (i) number and class of shares available for issuance under 5 the Incentive Plan, (ii) number, class and price of shares subject to outstanding Awards, and (iii) specified per-person limits on Awards to
reflect the change. Administration of the Incentive
Plan . The Board of Directors, or our Compensation Committee, or a committee of directors or of other individuals satisfying applicable laws and appointed by the Board of Directors (referred to as the “Administrator”), will administer
the Incentive Plan. To make grants to certain of the Company’s officers and key employees, the members of the committee must qualify as “non-employee directors” under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
“Exchange Act”), and as “outside directors” under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) (so that the Company can receive a federal tax deduction for certain compensation paid
under the Incentive Plan). Subject to the terms of the
Incentive Plan, the Administrator has the sole discretion to select the employees, consultants, and directors who will receive Awards, to determine the terms and conditions of Awards, to modify or amend each Award (subject to the restrictions of the
Incentive Plan), and to interpret the provisions of the Incentive Plan and outstanding Awards. The Administrator may, with stockholder approval, implement an exchange program under which (i) outstanding Awards may be surrendered or cancelled in
exchange for Awards of the same type, awards of a different type, or cash, (ii) participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator,
and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award could be reduced. Automatic Director Grants . The Incentive Plan provides for an automatic grant to outside directors of an option to purchase 25,000 shares on the date the person first becomes an outside director plus an
additional option to purchase 25,000 shares on the date of each annual stockholder’s meeting, provided the he or she continues to serve as an outside director through the date of such annual stockholder’s meeting. Each such option will
vest and become exercisable as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on each annual anniversary of its date of grant, provided the participant continues to serve as a director through such dates Options . The Administrator is able to grant nonstatutory stock options
and incentive stock options under the Incentive Plan. The Administrator determines the number of shares subject to each option, although the Incentive Plan provides that a participant may not receive options for more than 1,200,000 shares in any
fiscal year, except in connection with his or her initial employment with the Company, in which case he or she may be granted an option covering up to an additional 800,000 shares. The Administrator determines the exercise price of options granted under the Incentive Plan, provided that the exercise
price must be at least equal to the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. In addition, the exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to any participant who owns more than 10% of the total voting power of all classes
of our outstanding stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the grant date. The term of each option will be stated in the Award agreement. The term of an option may not exceed ten years, except that, with respect to any
participant who owns 10% of the voting power of all classes of the Company’s outstanding capital stock, the term of an incentive stock option may not exceed five years. After a termination of service with the Company, a participant will
be able to exercise the vested portion of his or her option for the period of time stated in the Award agreement. If no such period of time is stated in the participant’s Award agreement, the participant will generally be able to exercise his
or her option for (i) three months following his or her termination for reasons other than death or disability, and (ii) twelve months following his or her termination due to death or disability. The participant’s Award agreement may
also provide that if the exercise of an option following the termination of the participant’s status as a service provider (other than as a result of the participant’s death or disability) would result in liability under Section 16(b)
of the Exchange Act, then the option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the option, or (ii) the 10 th day
after the last date on which such exercise would result in such liability under Section 16(b). The 6 participant’s Award agreement may also provide that if the exercise of an option following the termination of the participant’s status as a service
provider (other than as a result of the participant’s death or disability) would be prohibited because the issuance of shares would violate securities laws, then the option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of
the option, or (ii) the expiration of a period of three months after the termination of the participant during which the exercise of the option would not violate securities laws. Restricted Stock . Awards of restricted stock are rights to acquire or purchase shares of our Common Stock, which vest
in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Administrator in its sole discretion. For example, the Administrator may set restrictions based on the achievement of specific performance goals. The Administrator, in its discretion,
may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. The Award agreement generally will grant the Company a right to repurchase or reacquire the shares upon the termination of the participant’s service with the Company
for any reason (including death or disability). The Administrator will determine the number of shares granted pursuant to an Award of restricted stock, but no participant will be granted a right to purchase or acquire more than 400,000 shares of
restricted stock during any fiscal year, except that a participant may be granted up to an additional 200,000 shares of restricted stock in connection with his or her initial employment with the Company. Restricted Stock Units . Awards of restricted stock units result in a
payment to a participant only if the vesting criteria the Administrator establishes is satisfied. For example, the Administrator may set vesting criteria based on the achievement of specific performance goals. The restricted stock units will vest at
a rate determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that after the grant of restricted stock units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any restrictions for such restricted stock units. Upon satisfying the
applicable vesting criteria, the participant will be entitled to the payout specified in the Award agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned restricted stock units in cash, shares, or a combination thereof. Restricted
stock units that are fully paid in cash will not reduce the number of shares available for grant under the Incentive Plan. On the date set forth in the Award agreement, all unearned restricted stock units will be forfeited to the Company. The
Administrator determines the number of restricted stock units granted to any participant, but during any fiscal year of the Company, no participant may be granted more than 400,000 restricted stock units during any fiscal year, except that the
participant may be granted up to an additional 200,000 restricted stock units in connection with his or her initial employment to the Company. Stock Appreciation Rights . The Administrator will be able to grant stock appreciation rights, which are the rights to receive the appreciation in
fair market value of Common Stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. The Company can pay the appreciation in either cash, shares of Common Stock, or a combination thereof. The Administrator, subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan,
will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of stock appreciation rights granted under the Incentive Plan, provided, however, that the exercise price may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a share on the date
of grant and the term of a stock appreciation right may not exceed ten years. No participant will be granted stock appreciation rights covering more than 1,200,000 shares during any fiscal year, except that a participant may be granted stock
appreciation rights covering up to an additional 800,000 shares in connection with his or her initial employment with the Company. After termination of service with the Company, a participant will be able to exercise the vested portion of his or her stock appreciation right for the
period of time stated in the Award agreement. If no such period of time is stated in a participant’s Award agreement, a participant will generally be able to exercise his or her vested stock appreciation rights for the same period of time as
applies to stock options. Performance Units and Performance
Shares . The Administrator will be able to grant performance units and performance shares, which are Awards that will result in a payment to a participant only if the performance goals or other vesting criteria the Administrator may establish are
achieved or the Awards otherwise vest. Earned performance units and performance shares will be paid, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, in the form of cash, shares, or in a combination thereof. The Administrator will establish performance
or other vesting criteria 7 in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the number and/or the value of performance units and performance
shares to be paid out to participants. The performance units and performance shares will vest at a rate determined by the Administrator; provided, however, that after the grant of a performance unit or performance share, the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such performance unit or performance share. During any fiscal year, no participant will receive more than 400,000 performance shares and no participant
will receive performance units having an initial value greater than $2,000,000, except that a participant may be granted performance shares covering up to an additional 200,000 shares in connection with his or her initial employment with the
Company. Performance units will have an initial value established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Performance shares will have an initial value equal to the fair market value of a share of our Common Stock on the grant date. Performance Goals . Awards of restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and other incentives under the Incentive Plan may be made subject to the attainment of performance goals relating to one or more business criteria within the meaning of
Section 162(m) of the Code and may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement including: collaboration arrangements, collaboration progression, earnings per share, financing events, operating cash flow, operating income, product
approvals, product sales, profit after-tax, profit before-tax, projects in development, regulatory filings, return on assets, return on equity, return on sales, revenue, and total shareholder return. The performance goals may differ from participant
to participant and from Award to Award and may be used to measure the performance of the Company as a whole or a business unit of the Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. Transferability of Awards . Awards granted under the Incentive Plan are
generally not transferable, and all rights with respect to an Award granted to a participant generally will be available during a participant’s lifetime only to the participant. Change in Control . In the event of a merger or change in control of the Company, each outstanding Award will be
treated as the Administrator determines, including that each Award will be assumed or an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor
corporation, or the parent or subsidiary of the successor corporation, does not assume or substitute for the Award, the participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise all of his or her outstanding options or stock appreciation rights,
including shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on restricted stock will lapse, and, with respect to restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units, all performance goals or
other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target levels and all other terms and conditions met. In addition, if an option or stock appreciation right becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of
a change in control, the Administrator will notify the participant in writing or electronically that the option or stock appreciation right will be fully vested and exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole
discretion, and the option or stock appreciation right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. Amendment and Termination of the Incentive Plan . The Administrator will have the authority to amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Incentive
Plan, except that stockholder approval will be required for any amendment to the Incentive Plan to the extent required by any applicable laws. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Incentive Plan will impair the rights of any
participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the participant and the Administrator and which agreement must be in writing and signed by the participant and the Company. The Incentive Plan will terminate in December 2017, unless the Board of
Directors terminates it earlier. Number of Awards Granted to Employees,
Consultants, and Directors The number of Awards that an
employee, director or consultant may receive under the Incentive Plan is in the discretion of the Administrator and therefore cannot be determined in advance. The following table sets forth 8 (a) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock subject to options granted under the 1998 Stock Plan during the last fiscal year, (b) the
average per share exercise price of such options, (c) the aggregate number of shares issued pursuant to awards of stock options under the 1998 Stock Plan during the last fiscal year, and (d) the dollar value of such shares based on $5.17
per share. Name of Individual or Group | Number of Options Granted | Average Per Share Exercise Price | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise | Value Realized on Exercise
All executive officers, as a group | 885,000 | $ | 8.40 | 60,000 | $ | 297,629
All directors who are not executive officers, as a group | 185,000 | $ | 9.01 | — | $ | —
All employees who are not executive officers, as a group | 1,173,400 | $ | 9.54 | 175,119 | $ | 830,822 As of
December 31, 2007, a total of 9,997,746 shares were subject to outstanding stock options awarded under the 1998 Stock Plan. As of such date, these stock option awards had a weighted average exercise price of $7.60 per share and a weighted
average remaining term of 6.93 years. No awards were granted under the 1998 Stock Plan in which the exercise price for the underlying shares was less than the fair market value of such shares on the date of grant. In addition, as of
December 31, 2007, there were 1,488,436 shares available for grant under the 1998 Stock Plan. Federal Tax Aspects The following paragraphs are a summary of the general federal income tax consequences to U.S. taxpayers and the Company of Awards granted under the Incentive Plan. Tax consequences for any particular individual may be different. Nonstatutory Stock Options . No taxable income is reportable when a
nonstatutory stock option with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant is granted to a participant. Upon exercise, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the excess
of the fair market value (on the exercise date) of the shares purchased over the exercise price of the option. Any taxable income recognized in connection with an option exercise by an employee of the Company is subject to tax withholding by the
Company. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of the shares would be capital gain or loss. As a result of Section 409A of the Code and the Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”), however, nonstatutory
stock options and stock appreciation rights granted with an exercise price below the fair market value of the underlying stock or with a deferral feature may be taxable to the recipient in the year of vesting in an amount equal to the difference
between the then fair market value of the underlying stock and the exercise price of such awards and may be subject to an additional 20% federal income tax plus penalties and interest. In addition, certain states, such as California, have adopted
similar tax provisions. Incentive Stock Options . No
taxable income is reportable when an incentive stock option is granted or exercised (except for purposes of the alternative minimum tax, in which case taxation is the same as for nonstatutory stock options). If the participant exercises the option
and then later sells or otherwise disposes of the shares more than two years after the grant date and more than one year after the exercise date, the difference between the sale price and the exercise price will be taxed as capital gain or loss. If
the participant exercises the option and then later sells or otherwise disposes of the shares before the end of the two- or one-year holding periods described above, he or she generally will have ordinary income at the time of the sale equal to the
fair market value of the shares on the exercise date (or the sale price, if less) minus the exercise price of the option. Stock Appreciation Rights . No taxable income is reportable when a stock appreciation right with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of
the underlying stock on the date of grant is granted to a participant. Upon exercise, the participant will recognize ordinary income in an amount equal to the amount of cash received and 9 the fair market value of any shares received. Any additional gain or loss recognized upon any later disposition of the shares would be capital gain or loss. Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units
and Performance Shares . A participant generally will not have taxable income at the time an Award of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units are granted. Instead, he or she will recognize ordinary income
in the first taxable year in which his or her interest in the shares underlying the Award becomes either (i) freely transferable, or (ii) no longer subject to substantial risk of forfeiture. However, the recipient of a restricted stock
Award may elect to recognize income at the time he or she receives the Award in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares underlying the Award (less any cash paid for the shares) on the date the Award is granted. Section 409A . Section 409A of the Code, which was added by
the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, provides certain new requirements on non-qualified deferred compensation arrangements. Awards granted under the 1996 Plan with a deferral feature will be subject to the requirements of Section 409A,
including discount stock options and stock appreciation rights discussed above. If an Award is subject to and fails to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A, the recipient of that award may recognize ordinary income on the amounts deferred
under the Award, to the extent vested, which may be prior to when the compensation is actually or constructively received. Also, if an Award that is subject to Section 409A fails to comply with Section 409A’s provisions,
Section 409A imposes an additional 20% federal income tax on compensation recognized as ordinary income, as well as interest on such deferred compensation. Some states may also apply a penalty tax (for instance, California imposes a 20% penalty
tax in addition to the 20% federal penalty tax). The Internal Revenue Service has not issued complete and final guidance under Section 409A and, accordingly, the requirements of Section 409A (and the application of those requirements to
Awards issued under the Incentive Plan) are not entirely clear. We strongly encourage recipients of such Awards to consult their tax, financial, or other advisor regarding the tax treatment of such Awards. Tax Effect for the Company . The Company generally will be entitled to
a tax deduction in connection with an Award under the Incentive Plan in an amount equal to the ordinary income realized by a participant and at the time the participant recognizes such income (for example, the exercise of a nonstatutory stock
option). Special rules limit the deductibility of compensation paid to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (i.e., its principal executive officer) and to each of its three most highly compensated executive officers for the taxable year (other
than the principal executive officer or principal financial officer). Under Section 162(m) of the Code, the annual compensation paid to any of these specified executives will be deductible only to the extent that it does not exceed $1,000,000.
However, the Company can preserve the deductibility of certain compensation in excess of $1,000,000 if the conditions of Section 162(m) are met. These conditions include stockholder approval of the Incentive Plan, setting limits on the number
of Awards that any individual may receive and for Awards other than certain stock options, establishing performance criteria that must be met before the Award actually will vest or be paid. The Incentive Plan has been designed to permit the
Administrator to grant Awards that qualify as performance-based for purposes of satisfying the conditions of Section 162(m), thereby permitting the Company to continue to receive a federal income tax deduction in connection with such Awards. THE FOREGOING IS ONLY A SUMMARY OF THE EFFECT OF FEDERAL
INCOME TAXATION UPON PARTICIPANTS AND THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT TO THE GRANT AND EXERCISE OF AWARDS UNDER THE INCENTIVE PLAN. IT DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE COMPLETE, AND DOES NOT DISCUSS THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF A PARTICIPANT’S DEATH OR THE
PROVISIONS OF THE INCOME TAX LAWS OF ANY MUNICIPALITY, STATE OR FOREIGN COUNTRY IN WHICH THE PARTICIPANT MAY RESIDE. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR THE ADOPTION OF THE 2008 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND THE NUMBER OF SHARES RESERVED FOR ISSUANCE THEREUNDER. 10 PROPOSAL THREE RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE COMPANY
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2008 The Board of Directors and the Audit Committee have selected Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public
accounting firm, to audit the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008, and recommend that the stockholders vote for ratification of such selection. Although action by stockholders is not required by law,
the Board of Directors has determined that it is desirable to request approval of this selection by the stockholders. Notwithstanding the selection or ratification, the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, in their discretion, may direct the
selection of a new independent registered public accounting firm at any time during the year, if the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee determine that such a change would be in the best interest of the Company. A representative of Ernst & Young LLP is expected to be present at
the meeting and will be afforded the opportunity to make a statement if he or she desires to do so, and is also expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT STOCKHOLDERS VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE
SELECTION OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP AS THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM TO THE COMPANY FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2008. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in each of the last two fiscal years, in each of the
following categories are: Years Ended December 31,
2007 | 2006
Audit Fees | $ | 765,170 | $ | 337,879
Audit - Related Fees | — | —
Tax Fees | 22,000 | 38,676
Other Fees | — | —
$ | 787,170 | $ | 376,555 Ernst & Young
LLP served as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. Audit fees include fees associated with the Annual Reports on Form 10-K (including fees associated with attestation pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002); the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q; issuance of consents relating to registration statement filings with the SEC; and all services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings. Included in audit fees for 2007 are fees paid in 2007 related to the 2006 audit. Tax fees include tax compliance services. The Company did not incur audit-related or other fees in the years ended December 31, 2007 and
2006. All auditing services and non-audit services provided to
the Company by our independent registered public accounting firm are required to be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Any pre-approval of non-audit services by Ernst & Young LLP includes making a determination that the provision of the
services is compatible with 11 maintaining the independence of Ernst & Young LLP as an independent registered public accounting firm. In addition, the Audit Committee has
delegated pre-approval authority to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, provided that the Chairperson still reports any decisions to pre-approve such audit and non-audit services to the Audit Committee at its next regularly scheduled meeting.
All services for audit and tax fees for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 as set forth in the table above were pre-approved by the Company’s Audit Committee. 12 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The following table sets forth for each Class I Director, the Class II Director, each Class III Director and the executive
officers of the Company, their ages and present positions with the Company as of the Record Date. Name | Age | Position
Remi Barbier | 48 | President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Class III Director
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 65 | Chief Medical and Operating Officer and Class I Director
Peter S. Roddy | 48 | Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 63 | Chief Scientific Officer
Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. (1)(2)(3)(4) | 70 | Class II Director
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. (3) | 49 | Class I Director and Secretary
Sanford R. Robertson (1)(2)(3)(4) | 76 | Class III Director
Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. (1)(3)(4) | 60 | Class III Director (1) | Member of Audit Committee. (2) | Member of Compensation Committee. (3) | Meets the definition of independence under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC listing standards. (4) | Meets the definition of independence under SEC rules. There is no family relationship between any director or executive officer of the Company. Remi Barbier, the Company’s founder, has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of Directors since the Company’s inception in 1998. Prior to that time, Mr. Barbier helped in the growth or founding of: Exelixis Inc., a functional genomics company, ArQule, Inc., a chemistry company, and EnzyMed, Inc. (now owned by
Albany Molecular Research, Inc.), a chemistry company. Mr. Barbier served as Chief Operating Officer of Exelixis, Inc. from January 1996 to May 1998. Mr. Barbier was Vice President of Corporate Development and Clinical Project Manager of
Xoma Corporation, a biotechnology company, from October 1993 to December 1995. Mr. Barbier received his B.A. from Oberlin College and his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. has served as a director of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. since 1998. Dr. Friedmann has
served as Chief Operating Officer since October 2001 and Chief Medical and Operating Officer since 2004. Dr. Friedmann is the owner and President of EMET Research Inc., a consulting firm in the pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Friedmann was
President and Chief Executive Officer of Daiichi Pharmaceutical Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, from 1997 to April 2000, and was a consultant to the Board of Directors of Daiichi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. in Tokyo from 1995 to 1997. From 1992
to 1995, Dr. Friedmann served as Vice President, Clinical Research at Xoma Ltd. (formerly Xoma Corporation). From 1980 to 1991, Dr. Friedmann held various leadership positions with Johnson & Johnson (“J&J”),
including the position of Vice President and Head of Research of the J&J Biotechnology Center. Prior to that, Dr. Friedmann was Medical Director of Abbott Laboratories. Dr. Friedmann received his M.D. from the Albert Einstein College
of Medicine and his Ph.D. in Biochemistry from the University of California, San Diego. Peter S. Roddy has served as Chief Financial Officer since 2002 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2004. From 1990 to 2002, Mr. Roddy held a variety of senior management positions
at COR Therapeutics, Inc. (now Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), a biopharmaceutical company, including Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer between 2000 and 2002. Prior to 1990, Mr. Roddy held a variety of positions at
Price Waterhouse & Company, Hewlett Packard Company and MCM Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Roddy received his B.S. in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley. Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. has served as Chief Scientific Officer
since 2001. From 2000 to 2001, Dr. Schoenhard was the Vice President of Preclinical Development. During 2000, Dr. Schoenhard was a 13 consultant and provided pharmacodynamic research and development services to various organizations. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Schoenhard was Senior
Director of Pharmacokinetics, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacology at Genentech, Inc., a biotechnology company. From 1974 to 1998, Dr. Schoenhard held various management positions, including Executive Director of Pharmacokinetics, Drug Metabolism
and Radiochemistry at Searle, a pharmaceutical company owned by Monsanto Corporation. Dr. Schoenhard was also Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology, School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania for a number of years. Dr. Schoenhard received
his B.S. from Michigan State University and his M.S. and Ph.D. from Oregon State University. Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. has served as a director since March 2003. Dr. Gussin worked at J&J for 26 years, most recently as Chief Scientific Officer and Corporate Vice President, Science and Technology
from 1986 through his retirement in 2000. Prior to assuming this role, Dr. Gussin worked at J&J’s McNeil division for 12 years, most recently as Vice President, Research and Development and Vice President, Scientific Affairs. From 1967
to 1974, Dr. Gussin held various research positions with Lederle Laboratories, a pharmaceutical company. Dr. Gussin sits on the Board of Directors of Duquesne University and the advisory boards of the Duquesne University Pharmacy School
and the University of Michigan Medical School Department of Pharmacology. Dr. Gussin received his B.S. and M.S. degrees and D.Sc. with honors from Duquesne University and his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. has served as a
director since 1998. Mr. O’Donnell has been a member of the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, the Company’s corporate counsel, since 1993. Mr. O’Donnell serves as corporate
counsel to numerous public and private biopharmaceutical and life sciences companies. Mr. O’Donnell received his J.D., cum laude, from Harvard University and his B.A. from Bucknell University, summa cum laude. Sanford R. Robertson has served as a director since 1998.
Mr. Robertson has been a partner of Francisco Partners, a technology buyout fund, since 1999. Prior to founding Francisco Partners, Mr. Robertson was the founder and chairman of Robertson, Stephens & Company, a technology
investment bank formed in 1978 and sold to BankBoston in 1998. Since the sale, Mr. Robertson has been a technology investor and advisor to several technology companies. Mr. Robertson was also the founder of Robertson, Colman,
Siebel & Weisel, later renamed Montgomery Securities, another technology investment bank. Mr. Robertson is a director of Salesforce.com and Dolby Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Robertson received his B.A. and M.B.A. degrees with
distinction from the University of Michigan. Patrick J.
Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. has served as a director since 2007. Dr. Scannon has been Executive Vice President, Chief Biotechnology Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of XOMA Ltd. since 2006. From 1993 to 2006, Dr. Scannon served
as Chief Scientific and Medical Officer of XOMA, Ltd. Dr. Scannon received his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley and his M.D. from the Medical College of Georgia. Board Meetings and Committees The Board of Directors of the Company held a total of six meetings during
the fiscal year 2007. No director serving throughout fiscal year 2007 attended fewer than 75% of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board of Directors and the committees of the Board upon which such director served. Mr. O’Donnell,
Mr. Robertson, Mr. Barbier and Dr. Friedmann attended all meetings of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee that oversees the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and
audits of the financial statements of the Company, and a standing Compensation Committee. The Board of Directors does not have a standing Nominating Committee. The Audit Committee consists of directors Dr. Gussin, Dr. Scannon and Mr. Robertson, each of whom the Board of Directors of the Company
has determined is independent as defined under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. listing standards as well as the SEC rules. The Board of Directors has also determined that Mr. Robertson 14 is an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in the SEC rules. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of
Directors. The Company maintains a copy of the Audit Committee charter on its website: www.paintrials.com. The Audit Committee reviews the Company’s internal accounting procedures, consults with and reviews the services provided by the
Company’s independent registered public accounting firm and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding the selection of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee held six meetings during fiscal 2007. The Compensation Committee consists of directors
Dr. Gussin and Mr. Robertson, each of whom the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is independent as defined under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC listing standards. The Compensation Committee reviews and recommends to the Board
of Directors the salaries, incentive compensation and benefits of the Company’s officers and administers the Company’s stock plans and employee benefit plans. Refer to the Compensation Discussion and Analysis for more information about the
Company’s Compensation Committee and its processes and procedures. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The Company maintains a copy of the Compensation Committee charter on its website: www.paintrials.com. The Compensation Committee held one meeting during fiscal 2007. The Board of Directors evaluates all proposed director nominees and incumbent directors before nomination, including the slate of director nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to our stockholders for election
and any director nominees to be elected or appointed by the Board of Directors to fill interim director vacancies on the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors determined that a Nominating Committee was not necessary, and that it was in the best
interest of the Company to continue to directly oversee the activities and responsibilities that might be delegated by the Board of Directors to a Nominating Committee. All of the Company’s members of the Board of Directors may participate in
the consideration of director candidates. The approval of at least a majority of the independent directors on the Board of Directors is required to nominate a director candidate for a position on the Company’s Board of Directors. The Board of Directors selects as candidates to the Board of Directors for
appointment or nomination individuals of high personal and professional integrity and ability who can contribute to the Board of Directors’ effectiveness in serving the interests of the Company’s stockholders. In addition, director
nominees are expected to have appropriate management experience that would be relevant to our current and expected future business direction, a track record of accomplishment and a commitment to ethical business practices. The Board of Directors
utilizes its own resources to identify qualified candidates to join the Board of Directors and may, in the future, use an executive recruiting firm to assist in the identification and evaluation of such qualified candidates. For these services, an
executive recruiting firm would be paid a fee. The Board of
Directors has not established a procedure for considering nominees for director nominated by the Company’s stockholders. The Board of Directors believes that our Board of Directors can identify appropriate candidates to our Board of Directors.
Stockholders may nominate candidates for director in accordance with the advance notice and other procedures contained in our bylaws. We do not have formal policies regarding attendance by members of the Board of Directors at our annual meetings of stockholders, but directors are
encouraged to attend annual meetings of the Company’s stockholders. One director attended the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders. In addition, we do not have a formal policy regarding stockholder communication with the Board of Directors.
However, stockholders may communicate with the Board of Directors by sending an e-mail to the Company’s Senior Manager of Investor Relations at cwaarich@paintrials.com or by writing to us at Pain Therapeutics, Inc., Attention: Investor
Relations, 2211 Bridgepointe Parkway, Suite 500, San Mateo, CA 94404. Stockholders who would like their submissions directed to an individual member of the Board of Directors may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as
appropriate. 15 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth, as of February 15, 2008, certain
information with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Company’s Common Stock by: • | any person (including any group as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company’s voting securities; • | each director and each nominee for director to the Company; • | each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table appearing herein; and • | all executive officers, directors and nominees for director of the Company as a group. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned are based on the
aggregate of 48,100,564 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of February 15, 2008, adjusted as required by the rules promulgated by the SEC. The Company does not know of any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of securities of the
Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the Company. Name and Address of Beneficial Owners (1) | Number of Shares | Percent of Common Stock Outstanding
Eastbourne Capital (2) | 10,871,714 | 22.6 | %
1101 Fifth Avenue, Suite 370
San Rafael, CA 94901
Remi Barbier (3) | 8,797,528 | 18.3 | %
HBK Investments LP (4) | 2,493,200 | 5.2 | %
300 Crescent Court, Suite 700
Dallas, Texas 75201
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. (5) | 1,392,053 | 2.9 | %
Sanford R. Robertson (6) | 403,393 | *
Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D. (7) | 473,436 | *
Peter S. Roddy (8) | 378,063 | *
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. (9) | 202,214 | *
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. (10) | 134,374 | *
Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. (11) | 1,250 | *
All directors, executive officers and nominees for director as a group (8 persons) (12) | 11,782,311 | 24.5 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock. (1) | This table is based upon information supplied by officers, directors and principal stockholders and Schedules 13G filed with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the stockholders named in this table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated, the address for directors, executive officers and nominees for director is the Company’s address. (2) | Based on a Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC and dated February 12, 2008. (3) | Includes 35,273 shares held by members of Mr. Barbier’s immediate family, 1,553,583 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable by Mr. Barbier within 60 days of February 15, 2008 and 117,482 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008 by Mr. Barbier’s spouse, who is an employee of the Company. 16 (4) | Based on a Schedule 13G as filed with the SEC and dated February 8, 2008 (5) | Includes 500 shares held in trust by Dr. Friedmann for a member of Dr. Friedmann’s family and 1,236,248 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable by Dr. Friedmann within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (6) | Includes 234,374 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (7) | Includes 473,436 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (8) | Includes 355,622 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (9) | Includes 45,000 shares held by WS Investment Company 98B, 12,162 shares held by WS Investment Company 99B, 1,777 shares held by WS Investment Company 2000A, 5,775 shares held by Michael J. O’Donnell, and 137,500 shares issuable to Mr. O’Donnell pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. Mr. O’Donnell, a director of the Company, is a general partner of WS Investment Company. Mr. O’Donnell disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by WS Investment Company, except to the extent of his partnership interest in such shares. Mr. O’Donnell is also a partner in Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, the Company’s corporate counsel. (10) | Includes 134,374 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (11) | Includes 1,250 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. (12) | Includes 4,243,859 shares issuable pursuant to options exercisable within 60 days of February 15, 2008. 17 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER MATTERS Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our compensation programs are designed to provide long-term and
currently-paid compensation and cash and non-cash compensation for our executive officers in order to align the compensation of our executive officers with our performance on a short term and long term basis. Our compensation programs reflect the
following objectives: • | to attract and retain high-performing executive talent; • | to encourage corporate behavior that is consistent with our values and goals; • | to create financial incentives for superior performance; • | to balance the achievement of corporate and individual goals, whereby individual executives are rewarded for the performance of the business functions for which they are responsible in addition to our overall performance; • | to ensure that our executive compensation programs are competitive with those of regional companies in our industry, so that we can continue to attract, retain and motivate executive talent; and • | to encourage the development of a diverse executive talent pool and continuity of leadership. These objectives include qualitative factors that strengthen our ability to
meet long-term growth, such as demonstrated leadership ability, management development, ensuring compliance with laws, regulations and our policies, and anticipating and responding to changing conditions. Each year, our Compensation Committee determines the amount and allocation of
long-term and currently-paid compensation and cash and non-cash compensation for executive officers. We believe there is no single source of data that provides the information sought by the Compensation Committee to arrive at these determinations.
We rely on data from a number of sources, including a review of industry surveys both purchased from independent third parties and internally generated; the experience and knowledge of members of the Compensation Committee, Board of Directors and
senior management; and additional factors such as recent market trends and general business conditions. The surveys we rely on include compensation information regarding publicly-held companies in our industry that are similar in size, breadth,
stage of development or complexity to us. While none of these sources of data are prescriptive per se, each source helps the Compensation Committee evaluate the appropriateness of total compensation for each executive at a particular point in the
Company’s life cycle. For example, a certain position may be highly strategic for a period of time and we believe it may therefore be desirable to pay that position closer to the level of a chief executive officer during that period of time. To
assist the Compensation Committee with its responsibilities, we provide briefing materials prepared or summarized by management. Our Chief Executive Officer participates in the collection and dissemination of survey information and interacts with
the Compensation Committee in reviewing some of the elements of yearly performance and compensation of the executive management team. The Compensation Committee believes that an appropriate level of input from our Chief Executive Officer provides a
necessary and valuable perspective in helping the Compensation Committee formulate its own independent views on compensation. The Compensation Committee makes all final determinations as to compensation levels for executive officers. We focus our executive compensation program on three related but distinct
elements: base salary, cash bonuses and stock options. We believe that compensation from one component should not offset or reduce compensation from another component Base Salary. We offer a base salary to attract and retain qualified executive officers. Base salaries are based on
broad salary ranges that take into consideration the broad scope of an executive’s job responsibilities, 18 individual performance, our corporate performance, competitive market data and the Company’s total compensation expense. Changes to base salary vary
according to individual contributions to our success and comparisons to similar positions here and at other comparable companies. In 2007, after reviewing each executive’s job responsibilities, individual performance, our corporate performance,
competitive market data and the Company’s total compensation expense, the salaries of Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and Dr. Schoenhard were increased by 4.8%, 6.3%, 4.9% and 3.6%, respectively. We have not changed
base salaries for our executive officers in 2008. Bonuses. Each executive officer is eligible for an annual cash bonus. We provide such bonuses to motivate executive officers to achieve milestones in such individual’s area of responsibility and with our financial performance
generally. We do not have a policy of prospectively establishing annual target bonuses. Each individual is evaluated to determine a bonus for the prior year based on performance criteria, including, among other criteria, progress towards or
achievement of clinical, operational and financial goals as applicable within an executive’s area of responsibility. We also consider bonus information from the review of surveys of publicly-held companies in our industry and of a similar size,
breadth, stage of development or complexity to us in determining a bonus for the year. In 2007, after evaluating each individual based on performance criteria, including, among other criteria, progress towards or achievement of clinical, operational
and financial goals as applicable within an executive’s area of responsibility and survey information, Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and Dr. Schoenhard received bonus payments of $400,000, $300,000, $125,000 and
$100,000, respectively. We have not paid bonuses to our executive officers in 2008. Stock Options. Each executive officer is eligible for stock option grants. Such grants are intended to link executive rewards with shareholder value over time. Only our Board of Directors, acting in its sole
discretion, or the Compensation Committee grants options to our executive officers. We view stock options as one of the more important components of our long-term, performance-based compensation philosophy. We provide options through initial grants
at or near the date of hire and through subsequent periodic grants. Options for executive officers are granted, vest and become exercisable at such time as determined by our Board of Directors. Generally, stock option grants are exercisable over a
four year period and have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our stock at the time of grant. Initial Grants are based on ranges that take into consideration an executive’s job responsibilities and competitive market data. For
subsequent periodic grants, the Compensation Committee evaluates performance based on each individual’s contribution to the long-term success and growth of the Company, the Company’s performance based on the factors discussed above and the
motivational value of additional incremental stock option grants. No stock options are granted in the absence of satisfactory performance. Stock option grants generally terminate shortly after an executive officer terminates employment. We grant
periodic additional stock options: • | to reflect the individuals’ ongoing contributions; • | to create an incentive to remain with us; and • | to provide a long-term incentive to achieve or exceed our financial goals. In granting stock options in the current year, we may consider the cumulative benefit of stock options granted in prior years. We do not
have a program, plan or practice to time stock option grants to our executives in coordination with the release of material nonpublic information. We have not re-priced any of our options and do not intend to re-price or otherwise adjust options in
the event that fair market value of our common stock declines below an option grant price. In 2007, after review of each individual’s ongoing contributions to the Company, Mr. Barbier, Dr. Friedmann, Mr. Roddy and
Dr. Schoenhard received options to purchase 325,000, 360,000, 125,000 and 75,000 shares of our common stock. We have not granted any options to our executive officers in 2008. Other benefits. Executive officers are eligible to participate in all of our employee benefit plans, such as medical,
dental, group life, disability and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, our 2000 Employee 19 Stock Purchase Plan, and our 401(k) plan, in each case on generally the same basis as other employees, subject to applicable law. Our executive officers do
not accrue vacation benefits available to our other employees, but do receive other paid time off benefits on the same basis as other employees. We do not offer any of our employees a pension plan, retirement plan or other forms of compensation or
perquisites paid out upon retirement. Under current U.S. tax
law, publicly-held companies may be precluded from deducting certain compensation paid to an executive officer in excess of $1.0 million in a year. The regulations exclude from this limit performance-based compensation and stock options provided
certain requirements, such as stockholder approval, are satisfied. We plan to take actions, as necessary, to ensure that the Company’s stock option plans and executive annual cash bonus plans qualify for exclusion. As we succeed in achieving approval for and commercializing our drug
candidates, we expect that we will adapt the elements of our compensation program as appropriate and may include or substitute other elements in our compensation program. Changes in the elements of our compensation program may also reflect changes
in the importance of tax or accounting treatments of a particular element of our compensation program. Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors The purpose of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is, in part, to review and approve the compensation and benefits to be provided to the
officers and directors of the Company and to administer the Company’s various stock plans and the issuance of stock options and other stock-related awards not pursuant to a plan. The Compensation Committee shall also make recommendations to the
Board of Directors regarding adoption or modification of all stock plans. One of the Committee’s goals is to ensure that the Company’s executive compensation programs are competitive with those of regional companies in our industry. In addition, the Committee strives to enable the
Company to attract and retain key people and motivate them to achieve or exceed certain key objectives of the Company by making individual compensation directly dependent on the achievement of certain corporate and individual goals, and by providing
rewards for meeting or exceeding those goals. The Compensation
Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on the review and discussion, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be
included in the Company’s proxy statement. Respectfully Submitted By: MEMBERS
OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert Z.
Gussin, Ph.D. Sanford R. Robertson Dated: March 14, 2008 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation No member of the Compensation Committee or executive officer of the Company has served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of
any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. Since the formation of the Compensation Committee in March 2000, none of its members has been an officer or
employee of the Company while a member of the Compensation Committee. 20 Executive Compensation Summary Compensation The following table sets forth all compensation paid or accrued during fiscal year 2007, to the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer and
each of the Company’s other executive officers. SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Option Grants ($) | All Other Compen- sation ($) | Total ($)
Remi Barbier | 2007 | 539,583 | 400,000 | 1,069,641 | 2,339 | 2,011,562
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board | 2006 | 502,470 | 400,000 | 218,657 | 4,056 | 1,125,183
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 2007 | 414,583 | 300,000 | 908,788 | 15,038 | 1,638,409
Chief Medical and Operating Officer and Director | 2006 | 386,185 | 300,000 | 198,991 | 7,260 | 892,436
Peter S. Roddy | 2007 | 280,833 | 125,000 | 442,038 | 1,175 | 849,046
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer | 2006 | 267,701 | 125,000 | 89,710 | 1,116 | 483,527
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 2007 | 313,750 | 100,000 | 279,174 | 5,818 | 698,742
Chief Scientific Officer | 2006 | 298,160 | 100,000 | 53,207 | 5,515 | 456,882 Assumptions made in
the valuation of Option Grants are described in Note 6 to the Company’s Financial Statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, incorporated herein by reference. All other compensation includes life insurance premiums paid by the Company
on behalf of the executive officers. Grants of Plan-Based
Awards The following table sets forth information
regarding grants of plan-based awards for each of the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table at December 31, 2007. GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
Name | Grant Date | Name of Plan | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options | Exercise or Base Price of Option Award | Grant Date Fair Value / Incremental Fair Value
Remi Barbier | 6/8/2007 | 1998 Stock Plan | 325,000 | 8.25 | $ | 4.92
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 6/8/2007 | 1998 Stock Plan | 300,000 | 8.25 | $ | 4.92
12/7/2007 | 1998 Stock Plan | 60,000 | 10.53 | $ | 5.69
Peter S. Roddy | 6/8/2007 | 1998 Stock Plan | 125,000 | 8.25 | $ | 4.92
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 6/9/2006 | 1998 Stock Plan | 75,000 | 8.25 | $ | 4.92 21 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2007 The following table sets forth information regarding the equity holdings of each of the executive officers named in the
Summary Compensation Table at December 31, 2007. OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS Option Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable (#) | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Unexercisable (#) | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date
Remi Barbier | 1,500 | — | 8.00 | 3/16/2011
700,000 | — | 6.90 | 7/14/2012
200,000 | — | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
213,541 | 36,459 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
193,750 | 106,250 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
112,500 | 187,500 | 8.35 | 6/19/2016
40,625 | 284,375 | 8.25 | 6/8/2017
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | 550,000 | — | 6.71 | 10/23/2011
50,000 | — | 9.11 | 7/14/2012
125,000 | — | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
128,125 | 21,875 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
161,458 | 88,542 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
103,125 | 171,875 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
37,500 | 262,500 | 8.25 | 6/8/2017
— | 60,000 | 10.53 | 12/7/2017
Peter S. Roddy | 40,000 | — | 3.19 | 12/13/2012
50,000 | — | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
85,416 | 14,584 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
80,729 | 44,271 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
46,875 | 78,125 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
15,625 | 109,375 | 8.25 | 6/8/2017
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | 50,000 | — | 18.63 | 9/15/2010
51,500 | — | 8.00 | 3/16/2011
25,000 | — | 7.30 | 7/14/2011
50,000 | — | 9.11 | 7/14/2012
123,500 | — | 7.16 | 7/14/2013
64,062 | 10,938 | 7.78 | 7/14/2014
48,437 | 26,563 | 5.25 | 5/31/2015
28,125 | 46,875 | 8.35 | 6/9/2016
9,375 | 65,625 | 8.25 | 6/8/2017 All options granted to
these executive officers were granted under the 1998 Stock Plan, as amended. All options were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. One forty-eighth of the shares subject to each option vests and becomes
exercisable one month after the vesting commencement date, and an additional one forty-eighth of the shares subject to each option vests each month thereafter. All equity awards consist solely of the issuance of stock options. 22 Options Exercised and Stock Vested The following table shows the amounts received upon exercise of options or similar instruments or the vesting of stock or
similar instruments for the year ended December 31, 2007. OPTION EXERCISES Option Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) | Value Realized on Exercise ($)
Remi Barbier | — | —
Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | — | —
Peter S. Roddy | 60,000 | 297,629
Grant Schoenhard, Ph.D. | — | — Employment and Other Agreements In July 1998, the Company entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Barbier, the Company’s President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and a 5% stockholder of the Company. Mr. Barbier is eligible to receive an annual bonus in an amount to be determined by
the Board of Directors. The agreement automatically renews for consecutive one-year terms each July unless the Company or Mr. Barbier terminates the agreement earlier on sixty days’ notice. The agreement entitles Mr. Barbier to serve
on the Board of Directors for as long as he is the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer. Thereafter, he will remain a member of the Board of Directors only if the Company terminates his employment without cause. The agreement also
provides that if the Company terminates Mr. Barbier without cause, the Company must pay him his base salary for twelve months following the date of his termination, provide him continued participation in the Company’s medical and
disability plans for twelve months following the date of his termination and continuation of insurance policies covering Mr. Barbier as of the date of termination. Under Mr. Barbier’s employment agreement, “Cause” includes
any intentional action or failure to act that was performed in bad faith, any failure to act in accordance with any lawful and proper order of the Board of Directors or any felony conviction. Assuming Mr. Barbier’s employment was
terminated without cause on December 31, 2007, the Company would have had to pay Mr. Barbier approximately $550,000, $15,000 and $5,800 for base salary, medical and disability plan-related expenses and insurance policy expenses,
respectively, pursuant to such arrangements. The cost of the arrangement cannot be determined until the date of termination. The Company executed employment offer letters to Dr. Schoenhard in September 2000 and Mr. Roddy in December 2002. Under the terms of these offer
letters, the Company may terminate employment at any time for any reason or no reason. However, if the company terminates employment without cause, the Company must pay severance equal to the executive’s base salary until the sooner of the date
that they secure employment, or the date that is three months after the date of their termination. The cost of termination cannot be determined until the date of termination. Assuming Dr. Schoenhard’s and Mr. Roddy’s employment
was terminated without cause on December 31, 2007 and both Dr. Schoenhard and Mr. Roddy did not secure employment within three months, the Company would have had to pay Dr. Schoenhard and Mr. Roddy approximately $85,000 and
$77,000, respectively, pursuant to such arrangements. Director Compensation The Company reimburses its officers and directors for
expenses incurred in attending any Board of Directors or committee meeting. 23 The Company’s non-employee directors are eligible to participate in the Company’s 1998 Stock
Plan, as amended. Currently each non-employee director who serves as a director on the date of each Annual Stockholders Meeting receives an option to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock. An automatic grant of 25,000 shares of
Common Stock will be made to a director who first becomes a non-employee director (except those directors who become non-employee directors by ceasing to be employee directors) on the date he or she first attends a meeting of the Board of Directors
or one of its committees, provided he or she serves on the Company’s Board of Directors as of such date. All options automatically granted to non-employee directors will (i) vest as to 25% of the shares subject to the option on each
anniversary of the date of grant, subject to his or her continuing to serve as a member of the Board of Directors on such date, (ii) be exercisable only while he or she remains a member of the Board of Directors, (iii) have a term of 10
years, and (iv) have an exercise price equal to 100% of the fair market value per share of Common Stock on the date of grant. In September 2007, the Board of Directors granted an option to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock at $9.54 per share (100% of the fair market value of
the Common Stock on the date of grant) to each non-employee director then serving on a Committee of the Board of Directors. In December 2007, the Board of Directors granted an option to purchase 15,000 shares of Common Stock at $10.53 per share
(100% of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant) to Dr. Scannon in connection with his appointment to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. These options have a four year vesting period and vest as to 1/48th of
the shares subject to such options each month from the date of grant, subject to each individual continuing to serve as a member of the Board of Directors on such date. These option grants have a term of 10 years. Employee directors who meet the eligibility requirements may participate in
the Company’s 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The
Company maintains directors and officers indemnification insurance coverage. This insurance covers directors and officers individually. These policies currently run from July 13, 2006 through July 13, 2007 at a total annual cost of
$246,000. The primary carrier is U.S. Specialty Insurance Company. The following table sets forth all non-employee director compensation for the year ended December 31, 2007. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Name | Option Awards ($) | Total ($)
Robert C. Gussin, Ph.D. | 145,604 | 145,604
Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. | 88,511 | 88,511
Sanford R. Robertson | 140,689 | 140,689
Patrick J. Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. | 6,365 | 6,365 Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires the Company’s officers and directors, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Such
officers, directors and ten-percent stockholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all forms that they file pursuant to Section 16(a). During 2007, Dr. Scannon filed a Form 3 on December 11, 2007 for
options granted on December 7, 2007. Based solely on its review of the copies of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that, with the above noted exceptions, during fiscal
2007, the Company’s executive officers and directors complied with all other applicable filing requirements. 24 REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Audit Committee operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of
Directors. The purpose of the Audit Committee includes the following: • | Oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and audits of the financial statements of the Company; • | Assist the Board of Directors of the Company in oversight and monitoring of (i) the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, (ii) the Company’s financial reporting process, (iii) the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements under applicable securities law, (iv) the independent registered public accounting firms’ qualifications, independence and performance, and (v) the Company’s systems of internal accounting and financial controls; • | Prepare a report in the Company’s annual proxy statement in accordance with the rules of the SEC; • | Provide the Board of Directors with the results of its monitoring and recommendations derived therefrom; and • | Provide to the Board of Directors such additional information and materials as it may deem necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters that come to its attention and that require the attention of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process including the system of internal controls. In fulfilling its responsibilities, the Audit Committee has: • | Reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements, including balance sheets, related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows, with management; • | Discussed with Ernst & Young LLP matters required to be discussed under Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, Communication with Audit Committees ; and Statement on Auditing Standards No. 90 Audit Committee Communications ; and • | Received from Ernst & Young LLP written disclosures and a letter regarding their independence required by Independence Standards Board Standard No. 1, Independence Discussions with Audit Committees and has discussed with Ernst & Young LLP their independence from management and the Company. The Audit Committee discusses with the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, the overall scope and
plans for their audits. The Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of the Company’s internal controls and the
overall quality of the Company’s financial reporting. Based on the foregoing, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements be included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 for filing with
the SEC. The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors have also recommended, subject to stockholder approval, the selection of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has adopted a written charter. The Committee held six
meetings during the year ended December 31, 2007. All of the members of the Audit Committee are considered independent, as defined in the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC listing standards and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Respectfully Submitted by: MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE Sanford R. Robertson, Audit Committee Chair Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. Patrick Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. Dated: March 14, 2008 25 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Since our inception, and during the last fiscal year, Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation has provided legal services to us. One of the directors of the Company, Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq., is a member of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, which
beneficially owns an aggregate of 202,214 shares of the Company’s Common Stock. Except as noted above, during the last fiscal year, there has not been nor is there currently proposed any transaction or series of similar transactions to which the Company was or is to be a party in which the amount
involved exceeds $120,000 and in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest other than (1) compensation agreements and other arrangements, which are described where required in “Employment and Other Agreements” and (2) the indemnification agreements described below. The Company’s policy is to require that any transaction with a related
party, including those that may be required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules, be reviewed and approved according to the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC and the SEC, as applicable. The Company has not adopted specific
standards for approval of these transactions, but instead reviews each such transaction on a case by case basis. Indemnification of Directors and Officers The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and officers, which require the Company to indemnify its directors and
officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Independence of
Directors The Board of Directors has determined that the
directors indicated in the chart above under the heading “DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS” are independent as defined under the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC listing standards as well as SEC rules as set forth in such chart. The independence of
the directors that are members of each standing committee of the Board of Directors is discussed above under the section “Board Meetings and Committees.” There are no transactions between the Company and such directors outside the scope of
each such individual’s Board of Directors service to the Company. 26 OTHER MATTERS The information contained above under the captions “Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors” and “Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. The Company knows of no other matters to be submitted to the meeting. If any other matters properly come before the meeting, it is the intention of the
persons named in the enclosed Proxy form to vote the shares they represent as the Board of Directors may recommend. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Dated: April 3, 2008 27 Appendix A PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. 2008 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 1. Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are: • | to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, • | to provide incentives to individuals who perform services to the Company, and • | to promote the success of the Company’s business. The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units,
Performance Units, Performance Shares and other stock or cash awards as the Administrator may determine. 2. Definitions . As used herein, the following definitions will apply: (a) “ Administrator ” means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the
Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan. (b) “ Applicable Laws ” means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on
which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. (c) “ Approval Authority ” means an authority, governmental or otherwise, that regulates pre-market approval of goods
and services, including, but not limited to, the United States Food and Drug Administration. (d) “ Award ” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted
Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units, Performance Shares and other stock or cash awards as the Administrator may determine. (e) “ Award Agreement ” means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each
Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. (f) “ Board ” means the Board of Directors of the Company. (g) “ Change in Control ” means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on
the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, (“ Person ”) acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than 50% of the total voting
power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will
not be considered a Change in Control; or (ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a
majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to effectively control the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same
Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or (iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the A-1 date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 50% of
the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership
of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company’s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a stockholder
of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company’s stock, (2) an entity, 50% or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company,
(3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least 50% of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or
indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to
any liabilities associated with such assets. For purposes of this Section 2(g), persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with
the Company. (h) “ Code ”
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code herein will be a reference to any successor or amended section of the Code. (i) “ Collaboration Arrangement ” means, for any Performance Period, entry into an agreement or arrangement
with a third party for the development, commercialization, marketing or distribution of a Product or for the conducting of a research program to discover or develop a Product or technologies. (j) “ Collaboration Progression ” means, for
any Performance Period, an event that triggers an obligation or payment right to accrue under a Collaboration Arrangement. (k) “ Committee ” means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board
in accordance with Section 4 hereof. (l)
“ Common Stock ” means the common stock of the Company. (m) “ Company ” means Pain Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. (n) “ Consultant ” means any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render
services to such entity. (o)
“ Determination Date ” means the latest possible date that will not jeopardize the qualification of an Award granted under the Plan as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code. (p) “ Director ” means a member of the Board. (q) “ Disability ” means total
and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in
accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. (r) “ Earnings Per Share ” means as to any Performance Period, the Company’s or a business unit’s Profit
After-Tax, divided by a weighted average number of Shares outstanding and dilutive common equivalent Shares deemed outstanding, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (s) “ Employee ” means any person, including
Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director’s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company. (t) “ Exchange Act ” means the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A-2 (u) “ Exchange Program ” means a program under which (i) outstanding
Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for Awards of the same type (which may have lower exercise prices and different terms), Awards of a different type, and/or cash, (ii) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any
outstanding Awards to a financial institution or other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (iii) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange
Program in its sole discretion. (v)
“ Fair Market Value ” means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock as the Administrator may determine in good faith by reference to the price of such stock on any established stock exchange or a national market system on the
day of determination if the Common Stock is so listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system. If the Common Stock is not listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, the value of the Common Stock will
be determined as the Administrator may determine in good faith. (w) “ Financing Event ” means, for any Performance Period, the closing of any financing event for capital raising purposes. (x) “ Fiscal Year ” means the fiscal year of the Company. (y) “ Incentive Stock Option ” means an
Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. (z) “ Nonstatutory Stock Option ” means an
Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. (aa) “ Officer ” means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (bb) “ Operating Cash Flow ” means as to any Performance Period, the Company’s or a business unit’s sum of Profit After-Tax plus depreciation and amortization less capital expenditures plus changes in working
capital comprised of accounts receivable, inventories, other current assets, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, product warranty, advance payments from customers and long-term accrued expenses, determined in accordance with generally
acceptable accounting principles. (cc)
“ Operating Income ” means as to any Performance Period, the Company’s or a business unit’s income from operations but excluding any unusual items, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (dd) “ Option ” means a stock
option granted pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan. (ee) “ Outside Director ” means a Director who is not an Employee. (ff) “ Parent ” means a “parent corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in
Section 424(e) of the Code. (gg)
“ Participant ” means the holder of an outstanding Award. (hh) “ Performance Goals ” will have the meaning set forth in Section 11 of the Plan. (ii) “ Performance Period ” means any Fiscal Year of the Company or such other period as determined by the Administrator in
its sole discretion. (jj)
“ Performance Share ” means an Award denominated in Shares which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of Performance Goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine pursuant to Section 10. (kk) “ Performance Unit ”
means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of Performance Goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing
pursuant to Section 10. A-3 (ll) “ Period of Restriction ” means the period during which the transfer
of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the
occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator. (mm) “ Plan ” means this 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. (nn) “ Product ” means any drug candidate requiring pre-market approval by an Approval Authority. (oo) “ Product Approval ” means the approval
by any Approval Authority of the right to market or sell a Product. (pp) “ Product Sales ” means as to any Performance Period, the Company’s sales generated from the sale of Products to third parties, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. (qq) “ Profit
After-Tax ” means as to any Performance Period, the Company’s or a business unit’s income after taxes, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (rr) “ Profit Before-Tax ” means as to any
Performance Period, the Company’s or a business unit’s income before taxes, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (ss) “ Projects in Development ” refers to one or more projects at any or all stages of development from conception,
discovery and/or initial research through Product Approval, including, but not limited to, pre-clinical studies, filing of an investigational new drug application (IND) or foreign equivalent, Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials and
submission and approval of a new drug application (NDA) or foreign equivalent. (tt) “ Regulatory Filings ” means as to any Performance Period, the number of filings submitted to an Approval Authority in
order to satisfy one or more of such Approval Authority’s requirements for Product Approval. (uu) “ Restricted Stock ” means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under Section 8 of the Plan, or
issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. (vv) “ Restricted Stock Unit ” means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured
obligation of the Company. (ww)
“ Return on Assets ” means as to any Performance Period, the percentage equal to the Company’s or a business unit’s Operating Income before incentive compensation, divided by average net Company or business unit, as
applicable, assets, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (xx) “ Return on Equity ” means as to any Performance Period, the percentage equal to the Company’s Profit After-Tax
divided by average stockholder’s equity, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (yy) “ Return on Sales ” means as to any Performance Period, the percentage equal to the Company’s or a business
unit’s Operating Income before incentive compensation, divided by the Company’s or the business unit’s, as applicable, Revenue, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (zz) “ Revenue ” means as to any Performance
Period, the Company’s or business unit’s net sales, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. (aaa) “ Rule 16b-3 ” means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is
being exercised with respect to the Plan. (bbb) “ Section 16(b) ” means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. (ccc) “ Service Provider ” means an Employee, Director, or Consultant. (ddd) “ Share ” means a share of the Common
Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 15 of the Plan. A-4 (eee) “ Stock Appreciation Right ” means an Award, granted alone or in
connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 7 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. (fff) “ Subsidiary ” means a “subsidiary corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in
Section 424(f) of the Code. (ggg)
“ Total Shareholder Return ” means as to any Performance Period, the total return (change in share price plus reinvestment of any dividends) of a Share. 3. Stock Subject to the Plan . (a) Subject to the provisions of Section 15 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be awarded
and sold under the Plan is 8,000,000 Shares plus (i) any Shares which have been reserved but not issued pursuant to any awards granted under the Company’s 1998 Stock Plan (the “ 1998 Plan ”) as of the date of stockholder
approval of this Plan and (ii) any Shares subject to stock options or similar awards granted under the 1998 Plan that expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full and Shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the
1998 Plan that are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company. The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. (b) Lapsed Awards . If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, the forfeited or repurchased
Shares) which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the net number of Shares actually issued pursuant to
the portion of the Award so exercised will cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the
Plan; provided, however, that if unvested Shares of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant
under the Plan. Shares used to pay the tax and/or exercise price of an Award will not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not
result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b), subject to adjustment provided in Section 15, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued
upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3(a), plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code, any Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan under this
Section 3(b). (c) Share Reserve .
The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 4. Administration of the Plan . (a) Procedure . (i) Multiple Administrative Bodies . Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service
Providers may administer the Plan. (ii) Section 162(m) . To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan will be
administered by a Committee of two (2) or more “outside directors” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. (iii) Rule 16b-3 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions
contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. A-5 (iv) Other Administration . Other than as provided above, the Plan will be
administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. (b) Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific
duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion: (i) to determine the Fair Market Value; (ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder; (iii) to determine the terms and conditions, not
inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder; (iv) to determine the terms and conditions of any, and with the approval of the Company’s stockholders, to institute an Exchange Program; (v) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan; (vi) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws; (vii) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 20(c) of the Plan). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Administrator
may not, without the approval of the Company’s stockholders: (A) modify or amend an Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce the exercise price of such Option or Stock Appreciation Right after it has been granted (except for
adjustments made pursuant to Section 15), or (B) cancel any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right and immediately replace it with a new Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower exercise price; (viii) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the
Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator; (ix) to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to such
Participant under an Award pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine; and (x) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. (c) Effect of Administrator’s Decision . The
Administrator’s decisions, determinations, and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards. 5. Eligibility . Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, Performance
Shares, and such other cash or stock awards as the Administrator determines may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. 6. Stock Options . (a) Limitations . (i) Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However,
notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the
Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000 (U.S.), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a), Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were
granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. (ii) The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to an Option granted to any Participant,
provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant will be A-6 granted an Option covering more than 1,200,000 Shares. Notwithstanding the limitation in the previous sentence, in connection with his or her initial service
as an Employee, an Employee may be granted Options covering up to an additional 800,000 Shares. (b) Term of Option . The Administrator will determine the term of each Option in its sole discretion; provided, however, that the
term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than 10%
of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award
Agreement. (c) Option Exercise Price and
Consideration . (i) Exercise Price .
The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option will be determined by the Administrator, but will be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share
exercise price will be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c), Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than 100% of the
Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Section 424(a) of the Code. (ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates . At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. (iii) Form of Consideration . The Administrator will determine the acceptable form(s) of consideration for exercising an Option,
including the method of payment, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. (d) Exercise of Option . (i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder . Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the
Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (i) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator specifies
from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (ii) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with any applicable withholding taxes). No adjustment will be made for a dividend
or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 15 of the Plan. (ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the
Participant’s termination as the result of the Participant’s death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on
the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for three
(3) months following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of
the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does A-7 not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert
to the Plan. (iii) Disability of
Participant . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant’s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the
Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for
twelve (12) months following the Participant’s termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested
portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. (iv) Death of Participant . If a
Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participant’s death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no
event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant’s designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant’s
death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant’s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option
is transferred pursuant to the Participant’s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following
Participant’s death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan.
If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. (v) Other Termination . A Participant’s Award Agreement may also provide that if the exercise of the Option following the
termination of Participant’s status as a Service Provider (other than upon the Participant’s death or Disability) would result in liability under Section 16(b), then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the expiration
of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (B) the 10th day after the last date on which such exercise would result in such liability under Section 16(b). Finally, a Participant’s Award Agreement may also provide
that if the exercise of the Option following the termination of the Participant’s status as a Service Provider (other than upon the Participant’s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares
would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (A) the expiration of the term of the Option, or (B) the expiration of a period of three (3) months after the
termination of the Participant’s status as a Service Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements. 7. Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted
to Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. (b) Number of Shares . The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted
to any Participant, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant will be granted Stock Appreciation Rights covering more than 1,200,000 Shares. Notwithstanding the limitation in the previous sentence, in connection with his or her initial
service as an Employee, an Employee may be granted Stock Appreciation Rights covering up to an additional 800,000 Shares. A-8 (c) Exercise Price and Other Terms . The Administrator, subject to the provisions
of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan, provided, however, that the exercise price will be not less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the
date of grant. (d) Stock Appreciation
Right Agreement . Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the
Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. (e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement; provided,
however, that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(d) also will apply to Stock Appreciation Rights. (f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount . Upon
exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: (i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times (ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock
Appreciation Right is exercised. At the discretion of the Administrator, the
payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 8. Restricted Stock . (a) Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to
time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. (b) Restricted Stock Agreement . Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period
of Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, for restricted stock intended to qualify as
“performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, during any Fiscal Year no Participant will receive more than an aggregate of 400,000 Shares of Restricted Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing
limitation, in connection with his or her initial service as an Employee, for restricted stock intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, an Employee may be granted an
aggregate of up to an additional 200,000 Shares of Restricted Stock. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, Shares of Restricted Stock will be held by the Company as escrow agent until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. (c) Transferability . Except as provided in this
Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. (d) Other Restrictions . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions
on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. (e) Removal of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as
practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. (f) Voting Rights . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted
Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. A-9 (g) Dividends and Other Distributions . During the Period of Restriction, Service
Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in
Shares, the Shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with respect to which they were paid. (h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for
which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. (i) Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions . For purposes of qualifying grants of Restricted Stock as “performance-based
compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals will be set by the Administrator on or before the
Determination Date. In granting Restricted Stock which is intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator will follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure
qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals). 9. Restricted Stock Units . (a) Grant . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. Each
Restricted Stock Unit grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine, including all terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the
grant, the number of Restricted Stock Units and the form of payout, which, subject to Section 9(d), may be left to the discretion of the Administrator. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (a), for Restricted Stock
Units intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, during any Fiscal Year of the Company, no Participant will receive more than an aggregate of 400,000 Restricted Stock
Units. Notwithstanding the limitation in the previous sentence, for Restricted Stock Units intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, in connection with his or her initial
service as an Employee, an Employee may be granted an aggregate of up to an additional 200,000 Restricted Stock Units. (b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms . The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent
to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. After the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any restrictions
for such Restricted Stock Units. Each Award of Restricted Stock Units will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the vesting criteria, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion will determine.
The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. (c) Earning Restricted Stock Units . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a
payout as specified in the Award Agreement. (d) Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Restricted
Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof. Shares represented by Restricted Stock Units that are fully paid in cash again will be available for grant under the Plan. (e) Cancellation . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units
will be forfeited to the Company. (f) Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions . For purposes of qualifying grants of Restricted Stock Units as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set
restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals A-10 will be set by the Administrator on or before the Determination Date. In granting Restricted Stock Units which are intended to qualify under
Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator will follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the
Performance Goals). 10. Performance Units and Performance
Shares . (a) Grant of Performance
Units/Shares . Performance Units and Performance Shares may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time, as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator will have complete discretion in
determining the number of Performance Units/Shares granted to each Participant provided that during any Fiscal Year, for Performance Units or Performance Shares intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of
Section 162(m) of the Code, (i) no Participant will receive Performance Units having an initial value greater than $2,000,000, and (ii) no Participant will receive more than 400,000 Performance Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing
limitation, for Performance Shares intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, in connection with his or her initial service, a Service Provider may be granted up to an
additional 200,000 Performance Shares. (b) Value of Performance Units/Shares . Each Performance Unit will have an initial value that is established by the Administrator on or before the date of grant. Each Performance Share will have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant. (c) Performance Objectives and Other Terms . The Administrator will set performance objectives or other vesting provisions. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals
(including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. (d) Earning of Performance Units/Shares . After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Units/Shares
will be entitled to receive a payout of the number of Performance Units/Shares earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance objectives or other vesting
provisions have been achieved. After the grant of a Performance Unit/Share, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Unit/Share. (e) Form and Timing of Payment of Performance
Units/Shares . Payment of earned Performance Units/Shares will be made as soon as practicable after the expiration of the applicable Performance Period. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Units/Shares in the
form of cash, in Shares (which have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to the value of the earned Performance Units/Shares at the close of the applicable Performance Period) or in a combination thereof. (f) Cancellation of Performance Units/Shares . On the
date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Units/Shares will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. (g) Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions . For purposes of qualifying grants of Performance
Units/Shares as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals will be set by the
Administrator on or before the Determination Date. In granting Performance Units/Shares which are intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator will follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be
necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals). 11. Performance Goals . The granting and/or vesting of Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units
and other incentives under the Plan may be made subject to the attainment of performance goals relating to one or more business criteria within the meaning of Section 162(m) A-11 of the Code and may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement ( “Performance Goals ”) including, (a) Collaboration Arrangement,
(b) Collaboration Progression, (c) Earnings per Share, (d) Financing Event (e) Operating Cash Flow, (f) Operating Income, (g) Product Approvals, (h) Product Sales, (i) Profit After-Tax, (j) Profit Before-Tax, (k) Projects in Development, (l)
Regulatory Filings, (m) Return on Assets, (n) Return on Equity, (o) Return on Sales, (p) Revenue, and (q) Total Shareholder Return. Any Performance Goals may be used to measure the performance of the Company as a whole or a business unit of the
Company and may be measured relative to a peer group or index. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. Prior to the Determination Date, the Administrator will determine whether any significant
element(s) will be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participant. In all other respects, Performance Goals will be calculated in accordance with the Company’s financial statements,
generally accepted accounting principles, or under a methodology established by the Administrator prior to the issuance of an Award, which is consistently applied and identified in the financial statements, including footnotes, or the management
discussion and analysis section of the Company’s annual report. In determining the amounts earned by a Participant pursuant to an Award intended to qualified as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code,
the Administrator will have the right to reduce or eliminate (but not to increase) the amount payable at a given level of performance to take into account additional factors that the Administrator may deem relevant to the assessment of individual or
corporate performance for the Performance Period. A Participant will be eligible to receive payment pursuant to an Award intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code for a Performance Period
only if the Performance Goals for such period are achieved. 12. Automatic Stock Option Grants to Outside Directors . (a) Procedures for Grants . All grants of Options to Outside Directors under this Section 12 will be automatic and non-discretionary and will be made strictly in accordance with the following provisions;
provided, however, that the Administrator will have authority to make changes to the following provisions with respect to grants, including, but not limited to, a change in the number of shares subject to future Options granted pursuant to this
Section 12: (i) All Options granted
pursuant to this Section 12 will be Nonstatutory Stock Options and, except as otherwise provided herein, will be subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan. (ii) Each person who first becomes an Outside Director following the effective date of this Plan will be
automatically granted an Option to purchase 25,000 Shares (the “ First Option ”) on the date on which such person first becomes an Outside Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the
Board to fill a vacancy. (iii) Each Outside
Director will be automatically granted an Option to purchase 25,000 Shares on the date of each Annual Stockholder’s Meeting (a “ Subsequent Option ”), provided the person continues to serve as an Outside Director through the date
of such Annual Stockholder’s Meeting. (iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (ii) and (iii) hereof, in the event that a grant would cause the number of Shares subject to outstanding Awards plus the number of Shares previously purchased upon exercise of an
Award to exceed the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, then each such automatic grant will be for that number of Shares determined by dividing the total number of Shares remaining available for grant by the number of Outside
Directors on the automatic grant date. Any further grants will then be deferred until such time, if any, as additional Shares become available for grant under the Plan through action of the stockholders to increase the number of Shares which may be
issued under the Plan or through cancellation or expiration of Options previously granted hereunder. A-12 (b) The terms of an Option granted to an Outside Director shall be as follows : (i) the term of the Option will be ten
(10) years. (ii) the Option will be
exercisable only while the Outside Director remains a Director of the Company; provided, however, that in the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, if an Outside Director ceases to be a Director as a result of the Outside
Director’s death or Disability, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following such termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement). Unless
otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Outside Director is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the
Outside Director does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. (iii) the exercise price per Share will be 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant of
the Option. (iv) subject to Section 15,
the Option will vest and become exercisable as to 25% of the Shares subject to the Option on each anniversary of its date of grant, provided that the Participant continues to serve as a Director through such dates. 13. Leaves of Absence . Unless the Administrator provides otherwise,
vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Service Provider will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company, or (ii) transfers between
locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or
contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months and one day following the commencement of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease
to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 14. Transferability of Awards . Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such
Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 15. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control . (a) Adjustments . In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash,
Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other
change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number
and class of Shares that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits set forth in Sections 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10. (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the
proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. (c) Change in Control . In the event of a merger or Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines, including, without limitation, that each Award will be assumed or A-13 an equivalent option or right substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation (the “ Successor
Corporation ”). The Administrator will not be required to treat all Awards similarly in the transaction. In the event that the Successor Corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award, the Participant will fully vest in and have the
right to exercise all of his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock will lapse, and, with respect to
Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units, all Performance Goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at target levels and all other terms and conditions met. In addition, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right
is not assumed or substituted for in the event of a Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will be fully vested and exercisable for a period of time
determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right will terminate upon the expiration of such period. For the purposes of this subsection (c), an Award will be considered assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Award confers the
right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) or, in the case of a Stock Appreciation Right upon the exercise of
which the Administrator determines to pay cash or a Performance Share or Performance Unit which the Administrator can determine to pay in cash, the fair market value of the consideration received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of
Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if
such consideration received in the Change in Control is not solely common stock of the Successor Corporation, the Administrator may, with the consent of the Successor Corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Performance Share or Performance Unit, for each Share subject to such Award (or in the case of Performance Units, the number of implied shares determined by dividing the value of the
Performance Units by the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the Change in Control), to be solely common stock of the Successor Corporation equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of
Common Stock in the Change in Control. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 15(c) to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more Performance Goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies
any of such Performance Goals without the Participant’s consent; provided, however, a modification to such Performance Goals only to reflect the Successor Corporation’s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to
invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 16. Tax
Withholding (a) Withholding
Requirements . Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof), the Company will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to
satisfy federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes (including the Participant’s FICA obligation) required to be withheld with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). (b) Withholding Arrangements . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such
procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax withholding obligation, in whole or in part by (without limitation) (i) paying cash, (ii) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise
deliverable cash or Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum amount required to be withheld, (iii) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld, or
(iv) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion A-14 (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld. The amount of the withholding requirement will be deemed to include any
amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable to the Participant with respect to the
Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 17. No Effect on Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor any Award
will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant’s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant’s right or the Company’s right to
terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 18. Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant. 19. Term of Plan . Subject to Section 23 of the Plan, the Plan
will become effective upon its adoption by the Board. It will continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years unless terminated earlier under Section 20 of the Plan. 20. Amendment and Termination of the Plan . (a) Amendment and Termination . The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. (b) Stockholder Approval . The Company will obtain
stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws. (c) Effect of Amendment or Termination . No amendment, alteration, suspension, or termination of the Plan will impair the rights of any Participant,
unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator’s ability to exercise
the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 21. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares . (a) Legal Compliance . Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and
delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. (b) Investment Representations . As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to
represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation
is required. 22. Inability to Obtain Authority . The
inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of
any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority will not have been obtained. 23. Stockholder Approval . The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the
Plan is adopted. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws. A-15 PROXY THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. The undersigned hereby appoints Remi Barbier and Peter S. Roddy, and each of them, with power to act without the other and with power of substitution, as proxies and attorneys-in-fact and hereby authorizes them to represent and vote,
as provided on the other side, all the shares of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. Common Stock which the undersigned is entitled to vote, and, in their discretion, to vote upon such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders of the Company to be held May 22, 2008 at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California 94304 or at any adjournment or postponement thereof,
with all powers which the undersigned would possess if present at the Meeting. (Continued and to be marked, dated and
signed, on the other side) Address Change/Comments (Mark the corresponding box on the reverse side) FOLD AND DETACH HERE PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR THE 2008 ANNUAL
MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD MAY 22, 2008 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT This Proxy Statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Company, on behalf of the Board of Directors, for
the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The Proxy Statement and the related Proxy Form are being distributed on or about April 15, 2008. You can vote your shares using one of the following methods: Complete and return a written Proxy Card, or Attend the Company’s 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and vote. All
stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Meeting. However to ensure your representation at the Meeting, you are urged to mark, sign, date and return the attached Proxy Card as promptly as possible in the postage pre-paid envelope enclosed
for that purpose. Any Stockholder attending the Meeting may vote in person even if he or she has returned a Proxy Card. DIRECTORS RECOMMEND VOTE “FOR” ALL NOMINEES AND PROPOSALS. Please Mark Here for Address Change or Comments SEE REVERSE SIDE VOTE ON DIRECTOR 1. To elect one (1) Class II Director, to serve for a three year term and until his successor is duly elected and qualified (Proposal One); Nominee: 01 Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. FOR WITHHELD FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN 3. To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as independent registered public
accounting firm to the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2008 (Proposal Three); and 4. To transact such other
business as may properly be brought before the meeting and any adjournment(s) thereof. VOTE ON PROPOSALS 2. To approve adoption of the 2008 Equity FOR AGAINST ABSTAIN Incentive Plan and the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder (Proposal Two); THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED AS DIRECTED, OR IF NO DIRECTION IS INDICATED, WILL BE VOTED “FOR” THE PROPOSALS. Signature Signature Date NOTE: Please sign as name appears hereon. Joint
owners should each sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. FOLD AND DETACH HERE Pain Therapeutics, Inc. Vote by Mail Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. Vote In
Person Attend the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 22, 2008 at 10:00 a.m., local time, at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation located at 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California
94304, and vote in person at the Meeting.