10-K 1 d10k.htm FORM 10-K Form 10-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 10-K (Mark One) x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2009 or ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number: 000-29959 Pain
Therapeutics, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1911336
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2211 Bridgepointe Parkway Suite 500 San Mateo, CA 94404 (650) 624-8200 (Address, including zip code, or registrant’s principal executive offices and telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Common Stock, $0.001 par value Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). Yes ¨ No ¨ . Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer x
Non-accelerated filer ¨ | Smaller reporting company ¨
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). Yes ¨ No x The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was $159,092,694 computed by reference to the
last sales price of $5.37 as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market, as of the last business day of the Registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2009. The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant’s common stock on January 12, 2010 was 42,301,901. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are incorporated
by reference to Part III of this Form 10-K Report. Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. FORM 10-K INDEX Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business | 2
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 11
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 26
Item 2. | Properties | 26
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 26
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | 26
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 27
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 29
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 30
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 37
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 38
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 57
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 57
Item 9B. | Other Information | 59
PART III
Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 59
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 59
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 59
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence | 60
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 60
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 60 Table of Contents PART I This document contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations that are within the meaning of the Private
Securities Reform Act of 1995. We intend that such statements be protected by the safe harbor created thereby. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and our actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from
the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Examples of such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about: • | the timing of resubmission by King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or King, of an New Drug Application, or NDA, for REMOXY ® with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA; • | royalty, milestone or collaboration revenue we may receive from King pursuant to our strategic alliance with King and other payments we may receive from our strategic alliances; • | the duration of the development period for expected drug candidates under our collaboration with King; • | anticipated announcements concerning current and expected clinical trials and preclinical studies; • | expansion of our potential product line, including the formulation of additional dosage forms of our drug candidates; • | future operating losses and anticipated operating and capital expenditures; • | uses of proceeds from our securities offerings; • | the potential benefits of our drug candidates; • | the sufficiency of materials required for the clinical development of our drug candidates; • | the size of potential markets for our products; • | the utility of protection of our intellectual property; • | expected future sources of revenue and capital and increasing cash needs; • | potential competitors or competitive products; • | future market acceptance of our drug candidates and potential drug candidates; • | expenses increasing or fluctuations in our operating results; • | future expectations regarding trade secrets, technological innovations, licensing agreements and outsourcing of certain business functions; • | anticipated hiring and development of our internal systems and infrastructure; • | the sufficiency of our current resources to fund our operations over the next twelve months; • | assumptions and estimates used for our disclosures regarding stock-based compensation; and • | estimates concerning the provision for (benefit from) income taxes, receipt of tax refunds and realization of deferred tax assets. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those risks
and uncertainties relating to: • | the possibility of the FDA requesting additional data which would require an extended period of time to complete, significantly delaying or preventing the potential approval of REMOXY; • | the successful development and commercialization of REMOXY and other drug candidates pursuant to our collaboration agreement with King and development of other drug candidates pursuant to our other collaboration agreements, and the continuation of such agreements; • | difficulties or delays in development, testing, clinical trials (including patient enrollment), regulatory approval, production and commercialization of our drug candidates; 1 Table of Contents • | unexpected adverse side effects or inadequate therapeutic efficacy of our drug candidates that could slow or prevent product approval (including the risk that current and past results of clinical trials are not indicative of future results of clinical trials) or potential post-approval market acceptance; • | the uncertainty of protection of our intellectual property rights or trade secrets; • | potential infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties; • | pursuing in-license and acquisition opportunities; • | maintenance or third party funding of our collaboration and license agreements; • | receipt of tax refunds; • | hiring and retaining personnel; and • | our financial position and our ability to obtain additional financing if necessary. In addition, such statements are subject to the risks and uncertainties discussed in the “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in
this document. Item 1. | Business Overview Pain Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. Our lead drug
candidate is called REMOXY. REMOXY is a strong painkiller with a unique formulation designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use. REMOXY and other abuse-resistant painkillers are being developed pursuant to a strategic alliance we have with
King. King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us for REMOXY and other abuse-resistant painkillers pursuant to the terms of our strategic alliance. We will receive a $15.0 million cash milestone payment from King upon regulatory
approval of REMOXY in the United States. We will also receive a royalty equal to 20% of net sales of drugs developed under this strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in cumulative net sales, for which the royalty is set at 15%. We and King jointly managed a Phase III clinical program and NDA submission for REMOXY. In mid-2008, the FDA accepted our NDA
for REMOXY with Priority Review. In December 2008, we received from the FDA a Complete Response Letter for the NDA for REMOXY. In this Complete Response Letter, the FDA indicated additional non-clinical data is required to support the approval of
REMOXY. The FDA has not requested or recommended additional clinical efficacy studies prior to approval. In March 2009, King assumed sole responsibility for the regulatory approval of REMOXY. This shift of responsibility did not change any economic
term of our strategic alliance with King. In July 2009, King met with the FDA to discuss REMOXY. As a result of this meeting, King anticipates a resubmission of the REMOXY NDA could occur in 2010. We are also developing a pipeline of novel drug candidates in the area of oncology and hematology. We own all commercial rights to our
pipeline of drug candidates in oncology and hematology. REMOXY REMOXY is a novel controlled-release oral capsule form of oxycodone in a highly viscous liquid formulation matrix that includes novel
excipients. It is specifically formulated to help address issues of abuse and misuse of time-release oxycodone tablets. Sales of time-release oxycodone were estimated to be over $2.5 billion in 2008. The analgesic action of extracts of the opium poppy plant has been known for millennia. In more recent decades, semi-synthetic opium
derivatives, such as oxycodone, a generic drug in clinical use since the 1930’s, have become a standard of care for treating moderate-to-severe pain. 2 Table of Contents It is also well-known that medicinal opioids such as oxycodone can produce both analgesia
and euphoria. The search for euphoric effects can lead to drug-seeking behavior, tolerance and dependence. In particular, rapid increases in plasma levels of oxycodone may lead to overdose, respiratory depression or death. Opioid misuse and abuse are significant public health problems. The active drug ingredient in time-release oxycodone is oxycodone, an FDA
approved substance for the relief of moderate to severe pain. Oxycodone is generally considered safe and effective when properly prescribed, dispensed and administered for legitimate medical purposes. However, the U.S Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, has reported that time-release oxycodone tablet abuse has substantially increased
since FDA approval of time-release oxycodone tablet abuse. Abusers can quickly and easily extract large amounts of oxycodone by simply breaking or crushing time-release oxycodone tablets. Doing so disrupts this time release mechanism and allows an
abuser to immediately ingest, snort or inject a large dose of oxycodone that was originally intended to be slowly release over 12 hours. Rapid increases in plasma levels of oxycodone may lead to overdose, respiratory depression or death. Patients
may mistakenly cut or crush the time-release oxycodone tablets, which may also lead to accidental overdose. The REMOXY
formulation is designed to resist common methods of chemical or physical manipulation. REMOXY’s capsule dosage form provides therapeutic drug levels of oxycodone on a twice-daily dosing schedule, while resisting the rapid increases in plasma
levels of oxycodone associated with common methods of abuse and misuse. Its formulation also resists delivery by unapproved routes of administration, such as injection, snorting or inhalation. REMOXY is intended to meet the needs of physicians who appropriately prescribe opioid painkillers and who seek to minimize the risks of drug
diversion, abuse or accidental patient misuse as well as the needs of pharmacists and the managed care healthcare system in the United States. Metastatic Melanoma We are developing a novel drug candidate called PTI-188 to treat metastatic melanoma, a
deadly form of skin cancer. PTI-188 is a monoclonal antibody linked to a radioisotope, intended to deliver doses of radiation lethal to melanoma tumors without harming normal tissue. In 2008, we announced the completion of our first clinical study
with PTI-188 in Israel. The objectives of this study were to assess safety, pharmacokinetics and dosimetry. Top-line results of this clinical study indicate this antibody binds to melanoma tumor sites. No drug-related serious adverse events were
observed in this study. In May 2009, we announced the initiation of another Phase I clinical study with PTI-188 in Israel.
The primary objective of this dose-escalation Phase I study is to assess the safety, pharmacokinetics and anti-tumor activity of PTI-188 in patients with metastatic melanoma. We expect to announce data from this Phase I study in the quarter ended
March 31, 2010. The technology used in this program was developed at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. We have
licensed exclusive worldwide commercial rights to this technology from Albert Einstein College of Medicine. Hemophilia We have a gene transfer program, developed at Stanford University, aimed at correcting a genetic defect in patients with hemophilia, a
genetic disorder in which patients are unable to stop bleeding. During 2009, we conducted a variety of pre-clinical studies with this technology. We expect to announce data from a preclinical study with this technology in the quarter ended
March 31, 2010. We have licensed exclusive worldwide commercial rights to the technology used in this program from Poetic Genetics, LLC, or Poetic. 3 Table of Contents Other product candidates We believe the abuse-resistant technology used in REMOXY is applicable to different oral opioid painkillers. Our strategic alliance with King
includes three other opioid product candidates. PTI-202 and PTI-721 have completed Phase I clinical trials. These Phase I clinical trials were designed to investigate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic profile of a
single, oral dose of the drug candidates in healthy volunteers. We believe results also indicate these product candidates are safe and well-tolerated and their release profile appears well-suited to use with a chronic pain population. Like REMOXY,
PTI-202 and PTI-721 are intended to meet the needs of physicians who appropriately prescribe opioid painkillers and who seek to minimize the risks of drug diversion, abuse or accidental patient misuse. King made milestone payments to us of $5.0
million in 2008 in connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the investigational new drug application, or IND, for PTI-721 and $5.0 million in 2006 in connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the IND for PTI-202. We and King are also
conducting pre-clinical development of a fourth product candidate. Strategy Our corporate strategy is to spend carefully but to keep innovation at the top of our agenda. Our clinical goal is to continue to develop
novel drugs that are more effective or safer than drugs used in the clinic today. Elements of our strategy include: Focus on Clinical Development Stage Products. We believe this focus will enable us to generate product revenues earlier than if we were focused on early-stage research and discovery activities. Retain Significant Rights to Our Drugs. We currently retain worldwide commercialization rights to all of our
technology and drug candidates in all markets and indications, except for REMOXY and certain other abuse-resistant drugs that are subject to our strategic alliance with King. In general, we intend to independently develop our drug candidates through
late-stage clinical trials. In market segments that require large or specialized sales forces, we may seek sales and marketing alliances with third parties. Outsource Key Functions. We intend to continue to outsource preclinical studies, clinical trials and formulation
and manufacturing activities. We believe outsourcing permits significant time savings and allows for more efficient deployment of our resources. Pursue In-licensing or Acquisition Opportunities. We intend to evaluate promising drug candidates or technologies to further expand our product pipeline. Our in-licensing strategy consists of
evaluating clinical or preclinical stage opportunities in therapeutic areas that can benefit from our core expertise in drug development. Such in-licensing or acquisition opportunities may be in pain management or in other therapeutic areas outside
of pain management. We believe this element of our corporate strategy could diversify some of the risks inherent in focusing on a single therapeutic area and could also increase our probability of commercial success. We also conduct basic research in collaboration with academic and other partners. Company sponsored research and development expenditures
were $47.7 million in 2007, $45.8 million in 2008 and $21.1 million in 2009. We recorded contract revenue related to customer-sponsored research activities under our collaboration with King of $42.7 million in 2007, $29.4 million in 2008 and $6.2
million in 2009. Our Intellectual Property We seek to protect our technology by, among other methods, filing and prosecuting U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications with respect to our technology and products and their uses. The focus of
our patent strategy is to secure and maintain intellectual property rights to technology for the following categories of our business: • | the technology that forms the basis of REMOXY and our other abuse resistant drug candidates; • | the clinical use of radio-labeled monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of metastatic melanoma and certain therapeutic uses outside of oncology; 4 Table of Contents • | the clinical uses of a unique gene integration system intended to treat hemophilia or pain; • | the technologies or intellectual property related to our pre-clinical product candidates; and • | the manufacture and use of our drug candidates. We plan to prosecute and defend our patent applications, issued patents and proprietary information. Our competitive position and potential future revenues will depend in large part upon our ability to
protect our intellectual property from challenges and to enforce our patent rights against potential infringements. We and
our collaborators have filed patent applications with the U.S. Patent Office to further protect our technologies. Our material patents and the material patents we license from third parties include: • | For REMOXY and our other abuse resistant product candidates, we have licensed from Durect Corporation U.S. Patent 5,747,058, titled “High Viscosity Liquid Controlled Delivery System.” Such patent expires in June 2015; • | For melanoma, we have licensed from Albert Einstein College of Medicine U.S. Patent No. 7,402,385, titled “Radiolabled Anti-Melanin Antibodies and Peptides for Treatment of Melanoma.” Such patent expires in April 2024; and • | For hemophilia, we have licensed from Poetic Genetics, LLC U.S. Patent No. 7,361,641, titled “Methods and Compositions for Genomic Modification.” Such patent expires in August 2019. Other patents have published but not issued and
other patent applications are pending. If issued, we believe these published but unissued patents and applications would protect certain of our technologies through at least 2020. If these patent applications do not result in issued patents, the
duration or scope of our patent rights may be limited and our future revenues could be lower as a result. If our competitors
are able to successfully challenge the validity or scope of our patent rights, based on the existence of prior art or otherwise, they might be able to market products that contain features and clinical benefits similar to those of our drug
candidates, and demand for our drug candidates could decline as a result. We may be involved in additional challenges to our
intellectual property. An adverse outcome of any challenges to our intellectual property could result in loss of claims of these patents that pertain to certain drugs we currently have under development and could have a material adverse impact on
our future revenues. Strategic Alliance with King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We have a collaboration agreement and a license agreement with King to develop and commercialize REMOXY and other abuse-resistant opioid
painkillers. King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us at the closing of this strategic alliance in 2005. In
2008, we received $20.0 million in cumulative milestone payments from King for achieving clinical and regulatory milestones, including $15.0 million related to acceptance by the FDA of the NDA for REMOXY, and $5.0 million of acceptance by the FDA of
the IND for PTI-721. In 2006, we received $5.0 million for the acceptance by the FDA of the IND for PTI-202. We could also receive from King up to $125.0 million in additional milestone payments in the course of clinical development of REMOXY and
other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. In addition, subject to certain limitations, King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement. Pursuant to the license agreement, King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and
sell, drugs developed pursuant to the strategic alliance, and is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales, except as to the first $1.0 billion in cumulative net sales, for which the royalty is set at 15%. King is also obligated to reimburse us
for our payment of third-party royalty obligations related to this strategic alliance. 5 Table of Contents We and King have a joint oversight committee, or JOC, to oversee drug development and
commercialization strategies for the strategic alliance. Pursuant to the collaboration agreement in the strategic alliance, we retain sole control of drug development activities in the United States through Phase II clinical trials. We and King will
jointly manage Phase III clinical trials and NDA submissions in the United States. King has responsibility for these development activities outside the United States. In March 2009, King assumed sole responsibility for the regulatory approval of
REMOXY. For the other three drug candidates subject to the strategic alliance, upon regulatory approval, King will assume sole control and worldwide responsibility to exclusively commercialize abuse-resistant opioid drugs developed pursuant to the
strategic alliance. We retain all development and commercial rights in Australia and New Zealand. The collaboration agreement
continues until the later of the expiration of any patent rights licensed under the license agreement or developed under the collaboration agreement and the expiration of all periods of market exclusivity with respect to REMOXY and other
abuse-resistant opioid drug candidates being developed under the strategic alliance. Currently, the last to expire issued patent covered by such arrangement expires in June 2016; however, we expect such date may be extended by the issuance of any
additional patents pursuant to pending patent applications. We and King can terminate the collaboration agreement under certain circumstances, including material breach and insolvency. Our license agreement with King terminates at the time that the
collaboration agreement terminates. Formulation Agreement with Durect Corporation We have an exclusive, worldwide Development and License Agreement, or the Durect Agreement, with Durect Corporation, or Durect, to use a
patented technology that forms the basis for a number of oral gel-cap drug candidates, including REMOXY. We reimburse Durect for formulation and related work, and make milestone payments based on the achievement of certain technical, clinical or
regulatory milestones. Aggregate payments to Durect from the inception of the Durect Agreement in late 2002 to December 31, 2009 were approximately $34.8 million. We paid Durect $1.0 million in upfront payments under the Durect Agreement and
$1.7 million for achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones. We could pay up to another $7.6 million of potential payments under the Durect Agreement following achievement of certain clinical and regulatory milestones. We have
sub-licensed to King certain rights to develop and to commercialize REMOXY and certain other opioid drugs formulated in part with technology we licensed from Durect. King controls preclinical, clinical, commercial manufacturing and sales and
marketing activities for REMOXY and we control all of the preclinical, clinical, commercial manufacturing and sales and marketing activities for the other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King is obligated to reimburse us for all expenses for
formulation and related work and for milestone payments we incur under our agreement with Durect. We also are obligated to
pay Durect royalties on any related drug sales. Royalties on sales of products licensed under our agreement with Durect range from 6.0% to 11.5%, depending on the level of sales of licensed products in a given calendar year. In turn, King is
obligated to reimburse us for all royalty expenses we incur under the agreement with Durect for product sales under our strategic alliance with King. Durect is obligated to supply King with certain components of REMOXY and other abuse-resistant
opioid painkillers pursuant to a commercial supply agreement between King and Durect. The Durect Agreement terminates on a
country-by-country basis upon the later of the expiration of the last to expire of the patents licensed under such agreement or a certain number of years following first commercial sale in such country. Currently, the last to expire patent covered
by such agreement expires in June 2016. However, we expect such date may be extended by the issuance of any additional patents pursuant to pending patent applications. We can terminate the Durect Agreement with notice to Durect and we and Durect can
terminate such agreement under certain circumstances, including material breach and insolvency. Under our license agreement
with King, we are obligated not to amend or terminate our agreement with Durect if an amendment or termination would alter the rights or obligations of King under our collaboration agreement or license agreement with King. 6 Table of Contents License of Technology from Albert Einstein College of Medicine We have licensed certain technology, including technology that we use in our monoclonal antibody program for the treatment of metastatic
melanoma, from Albert Einstein College of Medicine, or AECOM, pursuant to a License Agreement, or AECOM Agreement. Under the AECOM Agreement, we have a worldwide exclusive license to the technology underlying the AECOM Agreement and all intellectual
property rights arising from such technology. The AECOM Agreement requires us to pay AECOM up to $8.0 million in milestone payments, based on certain clinical development and commercial milestones, and royalties of 4% based on sales of licensed
products If a product utilizing technology licensed under the AECOM Agreement is combined with a drug or other substance for which we are paying an additional royalty, the royalty that we pay to AECOM will be reduced by up to one-half based on the
amount of such additional royalty. In connection with the AECOM Agreement, we also issued a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $6.77 per share, with vesting subject to certain commercial milestones.
This warrant expired unvested in January 2010. Aggregate payments to AECOM from the inception of the AECOM Agreement to December 31, 2009 were approximately $1.5 million, inclusive of an up-front payment of $200,000. We have not yet made any
milestone payments to AECOM under this agreement. The AECOM Agreement terminates on a country-by-country basis when our
obligation to pay royalties ceases. All royalty obligations will cease upon the expiration of the last to expire patent covered by the agreement. Currently, the last to expire patent covered by such agreement expires in April 2024. We expect such
date may be extended by the issuance of any additional patents pursuant to pending patent applications. We can terminate this license anytime and we and AECOM can terminate under certain circumstances, including material breach and insolvency. AECOM originally received grants from the U.S. federal government to research some of the technology that we license. The
terms of these grants provide the U.S. federal government with a non-exclusive, non-transferable paid-up license to practice inventions made with federal funds. Thus, our licenses are non-exclusive to the extent of the U.S. federal government’s
license. If the U.S. federal government exercises its rights under this license, it could make use of the same technology that we license and the size of our potential market could thereby be reduced. License of Technology from Poetic Genetics, LLC We have licensed novel gene integration technology from Poetic pursuant to a License Agreement with Poetic, or the Poetic License. We have worldwide commercial rights and all intellectual property rights
arising from the technology subject to the Poetic License in all indications in hemophilia and pain management. In connection with the Poetic License, we paid Poetic a $10,000 upfront fee and also issued a warrant to purchase up to 300,000 shares of
our common stock at an exercise price of $8.86 per share that does not vest until certain commercialization milestones are met with respect to products relying on technology licensed under the agreement. This warrant is not currently vested and
terminates in February 2027. Under the Poetic License, we are also obliged to pay Poetic milestone payments of up to $4.0 million in the aggregate, based on clinical and regulatory progress, and a royalty on net sales in the mid-single digit range.
Other than the up-front payment, we have not to date made any other cash payments to Poetic under this agreement. The Poetic
License terminates on a country-by-country basis on the expiration of the last patent licensed under the agreement or, if there is no valid claim under a licensed patent, seven years from the first commercial sale of a licensed product. Currently,
the last to expire patent covered by such agreement expires in August 2019. We expect such date may be extended by the issuance of any additional patents pursuant to pending patent applications. The Poetic License is also terminable by either us or
Poetic in the event of a material breach by the other party. 7 Table of Contents Manufacturing We do not own any manufacturing facilities. We plan to continue to outsource formulation, manufacturing and related activities. We rely on a limited number of third-party manufacturers to formulate, manufacture, fill, label, ship or store all of our drug candidates.
We have entered into agreements with and rely upon qualified third parties for the formulation or manufacture of our clinical supplies. These supplies and the manufacturing facilities must comply with DEA regulations and current good manufacturing
practices, or GMPs, enforced by the FDA and other government agencies. We and King rely on Durect and other third-party
manufacturers to formulate, manufacture, fill, label, ship or store REMOXY and other abuse-resistant drug candidates and their components. King is responsible for all manufacturing and supply of REMOXY. REMOXY and other product candidates under our
strategic alliance with King are formulated using, in part, proprietary technology licensed from Durect. Government Regulation Regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries is a significant factor in the manufacture
and marketing of pharmaceuticals and in our ongoing research and development activities. All of our products will require regulatory approval by governmental agencies prior to commercialization. In particular, human therapeutic products are subject
to rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and other pre-marketing approval requirements by the FDA and regulatory authorities in other countries. In the United States, various federal, and in some cases state, statutes and regulations also
govern or impact upon the manufacturing, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping and marketing of our products. The lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations
require us to spend substantial resources. Regulatory approval, when and if obtained, may be limited in scope which may significantly limit the indicated uses for which our products may be marketed. Further, approved drugs, as well as their
manufacturers, are subject to ongoing review and discovery of previously unknown problems with such products that may result in restrictions on their manufacture, sale or use or in their withdrawal from the market. Applicable FDA regulations require the filing of an NDA or a Biologic License Application, or BLA and approval by the FDA prior to
commercialization of any of our drug candidates in the United States. The Drug Approval Process We will be required to complete several activities before we can market any of our drug candidates for human use in the United States,
including: • | preclinical studies; • | submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before human clinical trials commence; • | adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug candidate; • | submission to the FDA of an NDA; and • | FDA approval of the NDA prior to any commercial sale or shipment of the drug. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential
safety of the product. Preclinical safety tests must be conducted by laboratories that comply with FDA regulations regarding Good Laboratory Practice. We submitted the results of preclinical tests to the FDA as part of our INDs prior to commencing
clinical trials. We may be required to conduct additional toxicology studies. 8 Table of Contents Based on preclinical testing, an IND is filed with the FDA to begin human testing of the
drug in the United States. The IND becomes effective if not rejected by the FDA within 30 days. The IND must indicate the results of previous experiments, how, where and by whom the new clinical trials will be conducted, the chemical structure of
the compound, the method by which it is believed to work in the human body, any toxic effects of the compound found in the animal studies and how the compound is manufactured. All clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with Good Clinical
Practice. In addition, an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, generally comprised of physicians at the hospital or clinic where the proposed clinical trials will be conducted, must review and approve the IND. The IRB also continues to monitor the
clinical trial. We must submit progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials to the FDA at least annually. In addition, the FDA may, at any time during the 30-day period or at any time thereafter, impose a clinical hold on proposed
or ongoing clinical trials. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, clinical trials under the IND cannot commence or recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. An FDA imposed clinical hold on an IND application
can result in substantial delay and large, unforeseen expenses, and it may cancel the viability of developing a new drug candidate in the United States. Clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. Phase I clinical trials typically study a drug’s safety profile, and may include the safe dosage range. Phase I
clinical trials also determine how a drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized and excreted by the body, and the duration of its action. In addition, we may, to the extent feasible, assess early indicators of a drug’s efficacy in our Phase I
clinical trials. In Phase II clinical trials, controlled studies are conducted on volunteer patients with the targeted disease or condition. The primary purpose of these tests is to evaluate the effectiveness of the drug on the volunteer patients as
well as to determine a drug’s side effect profile. These clinical trials may be conducted concurrently with Phase I clinical trials. In addition, Phase I/II clinical trials may be conducted to evaluate not only the efficacy of the drug on the
patient population, but also its safety. During Phase III clinical trials, the drug is studied in an expanded patient population and in multiple sites. Physicians monitor the patients to determine efficacy and to observe and report adverse events
that may result from use of the drug. Our clinical trials are designed to produce clinical information about how our drugs
perform compared to placebo or compared to existing drugs where appropriate. We have designed most Phase II and Phase III clinical trials to date as randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging studies. A randomized clinical trial is
one in which patients are randomly assigned to the various study treatment arms. A double-blind clinical trial is one in which the patient, the physician and our trial monitor are unaware if the patient is receiving placebo or study drug in order to
preserve the integrity of the clinical trial and reduce bias. A placebo-controlled clinical trial is one in which a subset of patients is purposefully given inactive medication. We may not successfully complete Phase I, Phase II or Phase III clinical trials within any specified time period, or at all, with respect to
any of our drug candidates. Furthermore, we or the FDA may suspend clinical trials at any time in response to concerns that participants are exposed to an unacceptable health risk. After the completion of clinical trials, if there is substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective, an NDA is filed with the FDA.
The NDA must contain all of the information on the drug gathered to that date, including data from the clinical trials. NDAs are often the equivalent of over 100,000 pages in length. The FDA reviews all NDAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accepting an NDA for
filing. In such an event, the NDA must be resubmitted with the additional information and, again, is subject to review before filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the Federal Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act, the FDA has 180 days in which to review the NDA and respond to the applicant. The review process is typically extended for significant amounts of time by the FDA’s requests for additional information or clarification
regarding information already provided in the submission. The FDA may refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be
approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee. If the FDA’s evaluations of the NDA and the manufacturing facilities are favorable, the FDA may issue either a 9 Table of Contents Complete Response Letter indicating either an approval or may identify conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA. When and if those conditions have been met to the
FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter, authorizing commercial marketing of the drug for certain indications. If the FDA’s evaluation of the NDA submission or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA may refuse
to approve the NDA or issue a not approvable letter. If the FDA approves the NDA, the drug becomes available for physicians
to prescribe. Periodic reports must be submitted to the FDA, including descriptions of any adverse reactions reported. The FDA may request additional post marketing studies, or Phase IV clinical trials, to evaluate long-term effects of the approved
drug. The process for FDA approval of a BLA is similar to the process for FDA approval of an NDA. Other Regulatory Requirements The FDA mandates that drugs be manufactured in conformity with current GMP. If the FDA approves any of our drug candidates we will be subject to requirements for labeling, advertising, record keeping and adverse experience reporting.
Failure to comply with these requirements could result, among other things, in suspension of regulatory approval, recalls, injunctions or civil or criminal sanctions. We may also be subject to regulations under other federal, state, and local laws,
including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Clean Air Act, national restrictions on technology transfer, and import, export, and customs regulations. In addition, any of our products that contain narcotics
will be subject to DEA regulations relating to manufacturing, storage, distribution and physician prescribing procedures. It is possible that any portion of the regulatory framework under which we operate may change and that such change could have a
negative impact on our current and anticipated operations. The Controlled Substances Act imposes various registration,
record-keeping and reporting requirements, procurement and manufacturing quotas, labeling and packaging requirements, security controls and a restriction on prescription refills on certain pharmaceutical products. A principal factor in determining
the particular requirements, if any, applicable to a product is its actual or potential abuse profile. The DEA regulates chemical compounds as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule I substances considered to present the highest risk
of substance abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest risk. Any of our drug candidates that contain a scheduled substance will be subject to regulation by the DEA. Competition Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to achieve
market share at the expense of existing and established and future products in the relevant target markets. Existing and future products, therapies, technological approaches or delivery systems will compete directly with our products. Competing
products may provide greater therapeutic benefits for a specific indication, or may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. Companies that currently sell generic or proprietary opioid formulations include, but are not limited to, Roxane
Laboratories, Purdue Pharma, King, Abbott Laboratories, Cephalon, Endo Pharmaceuticals, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Elkins-Sinn, Watson Laboratories, Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceutical and Forest Pharmaceuticals. Alternative technologies are being developed to
address the issue of abuse or misuse of opioid painkillers or increase opioid potency, as well as alternatives to opioid therapy for pain management, and improved treatments for metastatic melanoma and hemophilia, several of which are in clinical
trials or are awaiting approval from the FDA. We compete with fully integrated pharmaceutical companies, smaller companies
that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of these competitors have opioid drugs already approved by the FDA or in development
and operate larger research and development programs in these fields than we do. In addition, many 10 Table of Contents of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in: • | developing drugs; • | undertaking preclinical testing and human clinical trials; • | obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs; • | formulating and manufacturing drugs; and • | launching, marketing, distributing and selling drugs. Developments by competitors may render our drug candidates or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. We also compete with these companies for qualified personnel and opportunities for product
acquisitions, joint ventures or other strategic alliances. Incorporation We were incorporated in Delaware in May 1998. Employees As of December 31, 2009, we had 27 employees. We engage
consultants from time to time to perform services on retainer, a per diem or hourly basis. Available Information We file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and current reports on Form 8-K pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The public may read or copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, NW,
Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is http://www.sec.gov. You may
obtain a free copy of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports on the day of filing with the SEC on our website on the World Wide Web at
http://www.paintrials.com, by contacting the Investor Relations Department at our corporate offices by calling 650-624-8200 or by sending an e-mail message to IR@paintrials.com. Item 1A. | Risk Factors Our future operating results may vary substantially from anticipated results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The following discussion highlights some of these factors and the possible impact of these
factors on future results of operations. You should carefully consider these factors before making an investment decision. If any of the following factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In
that case, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could experience losses on your investment in our common stock. 11 Table of Contents Clinical and Regulatory Risks If we or our collaborators fail to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or if such approvals are limited, we and our collaborators will not be allowed to commercialize our drug candidates, and we
will not generate product revenues. Satisfaction of all regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent
upon the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidate, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources for research and development. In December 2008, we received from the FDA a Complete Response Letter for the NDA for REMOXY. In this
Complete Response Letter, the FDA indicated additional non-clinical data is required to support the approval of REMOXY. The FDA has not requested or recommended additional clinical efficacy studies prior to approval. In March 2009, King assumed sole
responsibility for the regulatory approval of REMOXY. In July 2009, King met with the FDA to discuss REMOXY. As a result of this meeting, King anticipates that a resubmission of the REMOXY NDA could occur in 2010. While King has announced that it
believes that the outcome of this meeting provided it with a path for resubmission of the REMOXY NDA, and that the FDA is not requiring additional clinical trials to support approval, there can be no assurance that the FDA will approve the NDA for
REMOXY, even with the additional data proposed to be provided by King, or that the FDA will not require additional clinical or non-clinical data to be submitted. If the FDA were to require additional clinical or non-clinical data, providing such
data may significantly delay the potential approval of REMOXY. Our research and clinical approaches may not lead to drugs
that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for indicated uses we are studying. The FDA may require additional studies, in which case we or our collaborators would have to expend additional time and resources and would likely delay the date
of potentially receiving regulatory approval. The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review.
Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals would: • | delay commercialization of, and product revenues from, our drug candidates; and • | diminish the competitive advantages that we may have otherwise enjoyed, which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Even if we or our collaborators comply with all FDA regulatory requirements, our drug candidates
may never obtain regulatory approval. If we or our collaborators fail to obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates we will have fewer commercial products, if any, and corresponding lower product revenues, if any. Even if our drug
candidates receive regulatory approval, such approval may involve limitations on the indications and conditions of use or marketing claims may be made for our products. Further, later discovery of previously unknown problems or adverse events could
result in additional regulatory restrictions, including withdrawal of products. The FDA may also require us or our collaborators to commit to perform lengthy Phase IV post-approval clinical trials. Our expending additional resources on such trials
would have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. In jurisdictions outside the United States, we
or our collaborators must receive marketing authorizations from the appropriate regulatory authorities before commercializing our drugs. Regulatory approval processes outside the United States generally include all of the aforementioned requirements
and risks associated with FDA approval. If we or our collaborators are unable to design, conduct and complete clinical trials
successfully, our drug candidates will not be able to receive regulatory approval. In order to obtain FDA approval for
any of our drug candidates, we or our collaborators must submit to the FDA an NDA that demonstrates with substantive evidence that the drug candidate is both safe and effective in humans for its intended use. This demonstration requires significant
research and animal tests, which are referred to as preclinical studies, as well as human tests, which are referred to as clinical trials. 12 Table of Contents Results from Phase I clinical programs may not support moving a drug candidate to Phase II
or Phase III clinical trials. Phase III clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety or efficacy of our drug candidates. Success in preclinical studies and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful.
Results of later clinical trials may not replicate the results of prior clinical trials and preclinical studies. Even if the results of Phase III clinical trials are positive, we or our collaborators may have to commit substantial time and
additional resources to conducting further preclinical studies and clinical trials before obtaining FDA approval for any of our drug candidates. Clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous requirements. The clinical trial process also consumes a significant amount of time.
Furthermore, if participating patients in clinical trials suffer drug-related adverse reactions during the course of such clinical trials, or if we, our collaborators or the FDA believe that participating patients are being exposed to unacceptable
health risks, such clinical trials will have to be suspended or terminated. Failure can occur at any stage of the clinical trials, and we or our collaborators could encounter problems that cause abandonment or repetition of clinical trials. Our clinical trials with REMOXY and our potential future clinical trials for other drug candidates for treatment of pain
measure clinical symptoms, such as pain and physical dependence that are not biologically measurable. The success in clinical trials of REMOXY and our other drug candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use depends on reaching
statistically significant changes in patients’ symptoms based on clinician-rated scales. Due in part to a lack of consensus on standardized processes for assessing clinical outcomes, these scores may or may not be reliable, useful or acceptable
to regulatory agencies. We have no history of developing drug candidates for oncology or hemophilia. We do not know whether
any of our planned clinical trials in metastatic melanoma or hemophilia will result in marketable drugs. In addition,
completion of clinical trials can be delayed by numerous factors, including: • | delays in identifying and agreeing on acceptable terms with prospective clinical trial sites; • | slower than expected rates of patient recruitment and enrollment; • | unanticipated patient drop out rates; • | increases in time required to complete monitoring of patients during or after participation in a clinical trial; and • | unexpected need for additional patient-related data. Any of these delays could significantly impact the timing, approval and commercialization of our drug candidates and could significantly increase our overall costs of drug development. Even if clinical trials are completed as planned, their results may not support expectations or intended marketing claims. The clinical
trials process may fail to demonstrate that our drug candidates are safe and effective for indicated uses. Such failure would cause us to abandon a drug candidate and could delay development of other drug candidates. Clinical trial designs that were discussed with authorities prior to their commencement may subsequently be considered insufficient for approval at the
time of application for regulatory approval. We discuss with and obtain guidance from regulatory authorities on certain
of our clinical development activities. With the exception of our Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA, such as the one we completed with the FDA with respect to the Phase III clinical trial for REMOXY, these discussions are not binding obligations
on the part of regulatory authorities. 13 Table of Contents Regulatory authorities may revise previous guidance or decide to ignore previous guidance at
any time during the course of our clinical activities or after the completion of our clinical trials. Even with successful clinical safety and efficacy data, including such data from a clinical trial conducted pursuant to an SPA, we may be required
to conduct additional, expensive clinical trials to obtain regulatory approval. Developments by competitors may establish standards of
care that affect our ability to conduct our clinical trials as planned. We have conducted clinical trials of our drug
candidates comparing our drug candidates to both placebo and other approved drugs. Changes in standards related to clinical trial design could affect our ability to design and conduct clinical trials as planned. For example, regulatory authorities
may not allow us to compare our drug candidates to placebo in a particular clinical indication where approved products are available. In that case, both the cost and the amount of time required to conduct a clinical trial could increase. The DEA limits the availability of the active ingredients in certain of our current drug candidates and, as a result, our quotas may not be sufficient
to complete clinical trials, or to meet commercial demand or may result in clinical delays. The U.S. Drug Enforcement
Administration, or DEA, regulates chemical compounds as Schedule I, II, III, IV or V substances, with Schedule I substances considered to present the highest risk of substance abuse and Schedule V substances the lowest risk. Certain active
ingredients in our current drug candidates, such as oxycodone, are listed by the DEA as Schedule II under the Controlled Substances Act of 1970. Consequently, their manufacture, research, shipment, storage, sale and use are subject to a high degree
of oversight and regulation. For example, all Schedule II drug prescriptions must be signed by a physician, physically presented to a pharmacist and may not be refilled without a new prescription. Furthermore, the amount of Schedule II substances we
can obtain for clinical trials and commercial distribution is limited by the DEA and our quota may not be sufficient to complete clinical trials or meet commercial demand. There is a risk that DEA regulations may interfere with the supply of the
drugs used in our clinical trials, and, in the future, our ability to produce and distribute our products in the volume needed to meet commercial demand. Conducting clinical trials of our drug candidates or potential commercial sales of a drug candidate may expose us to expensive product liability claims and we may not be able to maintain product
liability insurance on reasonable terms or at all. The risk of product liability is inherent in the testing of
pharmaceutical products. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or terminate testing of one or more of our drug candidates. Our inability to obtain
sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our drug candidates. We currently carry clinical trial insurance but do not carry
product liability insurance. If we successfully commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, we may face product liability claims, regardless of FDA approval for commercial manufacturing and sale. We may not be able to obtain such insurance at
a reasonable cost, if at all. Even if our agreements with any current or future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against product liability losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. If our drug candidates receive regulatory approval, we and our collaborators will also be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued
regulatory review, such as continued safety reporting requirements, and we and our collaborators may also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing obligations or new regulations, all of which may result in significant expense and limit our and
our collaborators’ ability to commercialize our potential drugs. Any regulatory approvals that our drug candidates
receive may also be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the drug may be marketed or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing 14 Table of Contents follow-up studies. In addition, if the FDA approves any of our drug candidates, the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and record keeping for the drug
will be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the drug, including but not limited to adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or the discovery that adverse events
previously observed in preclinical research or clinical trials that were believed to be minor actually constitute much more serious problems, may result in restrictions on the marketing of the drug, and could include withdrawal of the drug from the
market. The FDA’s policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent or delay
regulatory approval of our drug candidates. For example, in 2009, the FDA met with the sponsors of opioid drug products in order to discuss Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies, or REMS, for opioid drugs. These discussions may result in changes
to or additional government regulations with respect to our opioid drug candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of adverse government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the
United States or abroad. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Any
of these events could prevent us from marketing our drugs and our business could suffer. Risks Relating to Commercialization If physicians and patients do not accept and use our drugs, we will not achieve sufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. Even if the FDA approves our drugs, physicians and patients may not accept and use them. Acceptance and use of our drugs
will depend on a number of factors including: • | perceptions by members of the healthcare community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our drugs, and, in particular, the effectiveness of REMOXY in reducing potential risks of unintended use; • | perceptions by physicians regarding the cost benefit of REMOXY in reducing potential risks of unintended use; • | published studies demonstrating the cost-effectiveness of our drugs relative to competing products; • | availability of reimbursement for our products from government or healthcare payers; • | our or our collaborators’ ability to implement a risk management plan prior to the distribution of any Schedule II drug; and • | effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by King, us and other licensees and distributors. Because we expect to rely on sales generated by our current lead drug candidates for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable
future, the failure of any of these drugs to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing. If King is not successful in developing and commercializing REMOXY and in commercializing other opioid drugs under our strategic alliance with King, our revenues and our business will suffer. Our ability to earn royalties from sales of REMOXY depends on King’s abilities to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize
REMOXY. Additionally, our ability to earn royalties from sales of REMOXY and other drugs subject to our strategic alliance with King will depend on King’s abilities to maintain regulatory approval and achieve market acceptance of such drugs
once commercialized. King may elect to independently develop drugs that could compete with ours or fail to commit sufficient resources to the development, marketing and distribution of REMOXY and other drugs developed under our strategic alliance.
King may not proceed with 15 Table of Contents the commercialization of REMOXY and other drugs developed under our strategic alliance with the same degree of urgency as we would because of other priorities they face. If King is not successful
in developing or commercializing REMOXY for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to competition from other pharmaceutical companies, or if King fails to perform as we expect, our potential for revenue from drugs developed in connection
with our strategic alliance with King, if any, could be dramatically reduced and our business would suffer. If we are unable to develop
our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or if we are not successful in contracting with third parties for these services on favorable terms, or at all, our product revenues could be disappointing. We currently have no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. Except with regard to products developed under our strategic alliance
with King, in order to commercialize our products, if any are approved by the FDA, we will either have to develop such capabilities internally or collaborate with third parties who can perform these services for us. If we decide to commercialize any
of our drugs ourselves, we may not be able to hire the necessary experienced personnel and build sales, marketing and distribution operations which are capable of successfully launching new drugs and generating sufficient product revenues. In
addition, establishing such operations will take time and involve significant expense. If we decide to enter into new
co-promotion or other licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be unable to locate acceptable collaborators because the number of potential collaborators is limited and because of competition from others for similar alliances with potential
collaborators. Even if we are able to identify one or more acceptable new collaborators, we may not be able to enter into any collaborative arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. In addition, due to the nature of the market for our drug candidates, it may be necessary for us to license all or substantially all of our
drug candidates not covered by our strategic alliance with King to a single collaborator, thereby eliminating our opportunity to commercialize these other products independently. If we enter into any such new collaborative arrangements, our revenues
are likely to be lower than if we marketed and sold our products ourselves. In addition, any revenues we receive would depend
upon our collaborators’ efforts which may not be adequate due to lack of attention or resource commitments, management turnover, change of strategic focus, business combinations or other factors outside of our control. Depending upon the terms
of our collaboration, the remedies we have against an under-performing collaborator may be limited. If we were to terminate the relationship, it may be difficult or impossible to find a replacement collaborator on acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot compete successfully for market share against other drug companies, we may not achieve sufficient product revenues and our
business will suffer. The market for our drug candidates is characterized by intense competition and rapid technological
advances. If our drug candidates receive FDA approval, they will compete with a number of existing and future drugs and therapies developed, manufactured and marketed by others. Existing or future competing products may provide greater therapeutic
convenience or clinical or other benefits for a specific indication than our products, or may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. If our products are unable to capture and maintain market share, we may not achieve sufficient product
revenues and our business will suffer. We and our collaborators will compete for market share against fully integrated
pharmaceutical companies or other companies that are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations. Many of these competitors have drugs already
approved or drug candidates in development that will or may compete against our approved drug candidates. In addition, many of these competitors, either alone or together with their collaborative partners, 16 Table of Contents operate larger research and development programs and have substantially greater financial resources than we do, as well as significantly greater experience in: • | developing drugs; • | conducting preclinical testing and human clinical trials; • | obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs; • | formulating and manufacturing drugs; and • | launching, marketing, distributing and selling drugs. Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if we fail to obtain acceptable prices or an adequate level of reimbursement for our products from healthcare payers. Our ability to commercialize our drugs, alone or with collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be
available from: • | government and health administration authorities; • | private health maintenance organizations and health insurers; and • | other healthcare payers. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, health maintenance organizations and managed care organizations,
are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services and/or are seeking pharmacoeconomic data to justify formulary acceptance and reimbursement practices. We currently have not generated pharmacoeconomic data on any of our drug
candidates. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly are attempting to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for drugs, and by refusing, in some cases, to provide coverage for uses of approved
products for disease indications for which the FDA has or has not granted labeling approval. Adequate third-party insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any products we discover and develop, alone or with collaborators. If
government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for our products, market acceptance of our drug candidates could be limited. Government agencies may establish and promulgate usage guidelines that could limit the use of our drug candidates. Government agencies, professional and medical societies, and other groups may establish usage guidelines that apply to our drug candidates. These guidelines could address such matters as usage and dose,
among other factors. Application of such guidelines could limit the clinical use or commercial appeal of our drug candidates. Risks
Relating to our Collaboration Agreements If King or other outside collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our
drug development programs, or if their performance is substandard, our regulatory submissions and our product introductions may be delayed. Pursuant to our strategic alliance with King, King manages and prepares the NDA re-submission in the United States for REMOXY and we and King jointly manage and prepare Phase III clinical trials and NDA
submissions in the United States for other drug candidates subject to such agreement. We rely on King to devote time and resources to the development, manufacturing and commercialization of REMOXY and other drug candidates under our strategic
alliance. King may commercialize, develop or acquire drugs or drug candidates that compete for resources with our drug candidates that are subject to this strategic alliance. For instance, King 17 Table of Contents markets and sells Embeda, an extended-release oral formulation of morphine sulfate and Avinza, a once-daily morphine treatment for moderate to severe pain. There can be no assurance that
King’s other drugs or drug candidates will not become competitive with our drug candidates being developed under the collaboration with King. If King limits its time and resources devoted to the strategic alliance or fails to fund the continued
development of REMOXY or other opioid drug candidates as required by our agreement with King, or otherwise fails to perform as we expect, we may not achieve clinical and regulatory milestones and regulatory submissions and related product
introductions may be delayed or prevented, and revenues that we would receive from these activities will be less than expected. In addition, if King fails to perform as required under our collaboration agreement, their failure may jeopardize our
rights under our license with Durect. We depend on independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities and
medical institutions, to conduct our clinical trials under agreements with us. These investigators and collaborators are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. They may not assign
as great a priority to our programs or pursue them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking such activities ourselves. If these investigators or collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our drug development programs, or
if their performance is substandard, the approval of our regulatory submissions and our introductions of new drugs will be delayed or prevented. Our collaborators may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of which may compete with us. If outside collaborators assist our competitors to our detriment, the approval of our
regulatory submissions will be delayed and the sales from our products, if any are commercialized, will be less than expected. If we fail
to maintain our collaboration agreements and licenses for REMOXY and other drugs designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use, we may have to reduce or delay our drug candidate development. Our plan for developing, manufacturing and commercializing REMOXY and other drugs designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use
currently requires us to successfully maintain our strategic alliance with King to advance our programs and provide funding to support our expenditures on REMOXY and other drug candidates and to maintain our license from Durect. If we are not able
to maintain our existing strategic alliance with King or if King doesn’t provide the required funding under the strategic alliance, we may have to limit the size or scope of, or delay or abandon the development of other drug candidates or
undertake and fund development of these drug candidates ourselves and if we are unable to maintain our license with Durect for one or more potential products we may lose the rights to utilize Durect’s technology for such potential products. If
we elect to fund drug development efforts with respect to REMOXY and other drug candidates on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We may not succeed at in-licensing drug candidates or technologies to expand our product pipeline. We may not successfully in-license drug candidates or technologies to expand our product pipeline. The number of such candidates or
technologies is limited. Competition among large pharmaceutical companies and biopharmaceutical companies for promising drug candidates or technologies is intense because such companies generally desire to expand their product pipelines through
in-licensing. If we fail to carry out such in-licensing and expand our product pipeline, our potential future revenues may suffer. Our
collaborative agreements may not succeed or may give rise to disputes over intellectual property, disputes concerning the scope of collaboration activities or other issues. Our strategy to focus on drug development requires us to enter into collaborative agreements with third parties, such as our strategic
alliance with King and our license agreement with Durect. Such agreements are generally complex and contain provisions that could give rise to legal disputes, including potential disputes concerning ownership of intellectual property under
collaborations or disputes concerning the scope of collaboration activities. Such disputes can delay or prevent the development of potential new drug products, or 18 Table of Contents can lead to lengthy, expensive litigation or arbitration. Other factors relating to collaborative agreements may adversely affect the success of our drug candidates, including: • | the development of parallel products by our collaborators or by a competitor; • | arrangements with collaborative partners that limit or preclude us from developing certain products or technologies; • | premature termination of a collaborative or license agreement; or • | failure by a collaborative partner to provide required funding or to devote sufficient resources to the development of or legal defense of our potential products. Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property Our ability to commercialize our drug candidates will depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patent or proprietary rights of
third parties. If we are sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation will be costly and time consuming and an unfavorable outcome would have a significant adverse effect on our business. Our ability to commercialize our drug candidates will depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patents or other
proprietary rights of third parties. Intellectual property rights in the areas of controlled-release oxycodone, antibodies, gene integration and more generally, in oncology, neurology, radiopharmaceutical technologies and gene therapy are
complicated and are continuously evolving. Holders of patent rights in these areas may allege that the commercialization of REMOXY or our other drug candidates infringes such patent rights. While we believe that we would have valid defenses to any
claim of infringement, there can be no assurance that these or other third party patents will not limit our ability to commercialize REMOXY or our other drug candidates. In addition, because patent applications are published 18 months after their filing, and because applications can take several years to issue, there may be currently pending third-party patent
applications that are unknown to us, which may later result in issued patents. If a third-party claims that we infringe on its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could seriously harm our competitive position,
including: • | infringement claims that, with or without merit, can be costly and time consuming to litigate, can delay the regulatory approval process and can divert management’s attention from our core business strategy; • | substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe upon a competitor’s patent or other proprietary rights; • | a court order prohibiting us from commercializing our products or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which such holder is not required to do; • | if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights; and • | redesigning our process so that it does not infringe the third-party intellectual property rights, which may not be possible, or which may require substantial time and expense including delays in bringing our own products to market. Such actions could harm our competitive position and our ability to generate revenue and could result in increased costs. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property our competitors could develop and market products with similar features that may reduce demand for
our drug candidates. Our success, competitive position and potential future revenues will depend in part on our ability
to protect our intellectual property. If we or our collaborators fail to file, prosecute, obtain or maintain certain patents, our competitors could market products that contain features and clinical benefits similar to those of our products, and
demand for our products could decline as a result. 19 Table of Contents We and our collaborators have filed patent applications with the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office to further protect our technologies. If these patent applications do not result in issued patents, the duration or scope of our patent rights may be limited and our future revenues could be lower as a result. We may be involved in challenges to our intellectual property. An adverse outcome of a challenge to our intellectual property could result
in loss of claims of patents or other intellectual property rights that pertain to certain drugs we currently have under development and could have a material adverse impact on our future revenues. We intend to file additional patent applications relating to our technology, products and processes. We may direct our collaborators to file
additional patent applications relating to the licensed technology or we may do so ourselves. However, our competitors may challenge, invalidate or circumvent any of our current or future patents. These patents may also fail to provide us with
meaningful competitive advantages. We may become involved in expensive litigation or other legal proceedings related to our existing
intellectual property rights, including patents. We expect that we will rely upon patents, trade secrets, know-how,
continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. Others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or be issued patents that may prevent the sale of
our products or know-how or require us to license such information and pay significant fees or royalties in order to produce our products. Our technology could infringe upon claims of patents owned by others. If we were found to be infringing on a patent held by another, we might have to seek a license to use the patented technology. In that
case, we might not be able to obtain such a license on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If a legal action were to be brought against us or our licensors, we could incur substantial defense costs, and any such action might not be resolved in our
favor. If such a dispute were to be resolved against us, we could have to pay the other party large sums of money and our use of our technology and the testing, manufacture, marketing or sale of one or more of our proposed products could be
restricted or prohibited. Risks Relating to our Business and Strategy Competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical industry is intense, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining qualified
personnel, we could experience delays in completing necessary clinical trials, in the regulatory approval process or in formulating, manufacturing, marketing and selling our potential products. We will need to hire additional qualified personnel with expertise in clinical research, preclinical testing, government regulation,
formulation and manufacturing and sales and marketing. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions. Competition for such individuals, particularly in the San Francisco
Bay area, is intense, and our search for such personnel may not be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel is critical to our success. If third-party manufacturers of our drug candidates fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our concerns, or if their performance is substandard, our clinical trials and product introductions
may be delayed and our costs may be higher than expected. We have no manufacturing facilities and have limited experience
in drug product development and commercial manufacturing. We lack the resources and expertise to formulate, manufacture or test the technical performance of our drug candidates. We currently rely on a limited number of experienced personnel and a
small number of contract manufacturers and other vendors to formulate, test, supply, store and distribute drug supplies 20 Table of Contents for our clinical trials. Our reliance on a limited number of vendors exposes us to the following risks, any of which could delay our clinical trials, and, consequently, FDA approval of our drug
candidates and commercialization of our products, result in higher costs, or deprive us of potential product revenues: • | Contract commercial manufacturers, their sub-contractors or other third parties we rely on, may encounter difficulties in achieving the volume of production needed to satisfy clinical needs or commercial demand, may experience technical issues that impact quality or compliance with applicable and strictly enforced regulations governing the manufacture of pharmaceutical products, and may experience shortages of qualified personnel to adequately staff production operations. • | Our contract manufacturers could default on their agreements with us to provide clinical supplies or meet our requirements for commercialization of our products. • | For certain of our drug candidates, the use of alternate manufacturers may be difficult because the number of potential manufacturers that have the necessary governmental licenses to produce narcotic products is limited. Additionally, the FDA and the DEA must approve any alternative manufacturer of our products before we may use the alternative manufacturer to produce our supplies. • | It may be difficult or impossible for us to find a replacement manufacturer on acceptable terms quickly, or at all. Our contract manufacturers and vendors may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store and distribute our products. • | If any contract manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our products, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to such innovation. We expanded our research and development activities to include development of
potential drug candidates for indications other than pain, and we may not be able to successfully develop or commercialize these potential new drug candidates. We have expanded our research and development activities to include development of potential drug candidates for indications other than pain, such as metastatic melanoma and hemophilia. We are conducting
a Phase I clinical trial of our drug candidate in metastatic melanoma. We have no history of developing metastatic melanoma or hemophilia drug candidates or manufacturing radiopharmaceuticals. We do not know whether any of our planned clinical
trials in metastatic melanoma or hemophilia will result in marketable products. We do not anticipate that any drug candidates in these areas will reach the market for at least several years, if at all. Our employees and consultants are generally subject to confidentiality or other agreements with their former employers and they may inadvertently or
otherwise violate those agreements. Many of our employees and consultants were previously employed at universities or
biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. While we require our employees and consultants to honor any agreements they may have entered into prior to working with us, we may be subject to claims that we inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed
trade secrets or other confidential information belonging to former employers. Failure to defend such claims could result in loss of valuable rights or personnel, which in turn could harm or prevent commercialization of our drug candidates.
Successful defense against such claims can be expensive and might distract us from executing our strategies. Law enforcement concerns over
diversion of opioids and social issues around abuse of opioids may make the regulatory approval process and commercialization of our drug candidates very difficult. Media stories regarding the diversion of opioids and other controlled substances are commonplace. Law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies may apply policies that seek to limit the availability of
opioids. Such efforts may adversely affect the regulatory approval and commercialization of our drug candidates. 21 Table of Contents Developments by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. Alternative technologies and products are being developed to improve or replace the use of opioids for pain management,
several of which are in clinical trials or are awaiting approval from the FDA. In addition, the active ingredients in nearly all opioid drugs are available in generic form. Drug companies that sell generic opioid drugs represent substantial
competition. Many of these organizations competing with us have substantially greater capital resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, greater experience in drug development and in obtaining regulatory approvals and greater
manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. Our competitors may market less expensive or more effective drugs that would compete with our drug candidates or reach market with competing drugs before we are able to reach market with our drug
candidates. These organizations also compete with us to attract qualified personnel and partners for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations. Business interruptions could limit our ability to operate our business. Our operations as well as those of our collaborators on which we depend are vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, human error, natural disasters, electrical and telecommunication failures, international acts of terror
and similar events. We have not established a formal disaster recovery plan and our back-up operations and our business interruption insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for losses we may suffer. A significant business interruption could
result in losses or damages incurred by us and require us to cease or curtail our operations. Risks Relating to Manufacturing We rely on third-party commercial drug manufacturers for drug supply. Approved third-party commercial drug manufacturers may subsequently be stopped from producing, storing, shipping or testing our drug
products due to their non-compliance with federal, state or local regulations. Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the DEA, and corresponding state and foreign government agencies to ensure strict
compliance with GMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and standards. In addition, even if we enter into long-term supply arrangements with third-party suppliers, we cannot control changes in strategy by
third-party suppliers that affect their ability or willingness to continue to supply our drug products on acceptable terms. If our drug supply for one of our drug candidates was interrupted, our operations could be negatively affected. If we cannot
formulate and scale-up a wide range of dosage forms of REMOXY and other drug candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use, we and King might determine that the commercial opportunity for REMOXY and these other drug candidates in
certain dosage forms is too limited to warrant further investment in clinical testing and development. We plan to
formulate and scale-up a wide range of dosage forms of REMOXY and other drug candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use. We may not be able to successfully complete our formulation or scale-up activities or we may determine that
the commercial opportunity for REMOXY and these other drug candidates in certain dosage forms is too limited to warrant further investment. If we are unsuccessful in our formulation or scale-up activities with REMOXY and these other drug candidates,
our future revenue from milestones and royalties under our strategic alliance with King may be less than expected and our operations may suffer. 22 Table of Contents We and King rely solely on Durect to provide us with certain components of REMOXY and other drug
candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use and will continue to rely on Durect to produce commercial supplies of these components. We and King rely on Durect as the sole source provider of certain components of REMOXY and other drug candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use, and will rely solely on Durect to
produce commercial supplies of these components. Durect’s failure to achieve and maintain satisfactory manufacturing standards could result in product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in product testing or delivery, cost overruns or
other problems that could materially harm our business. Durect may encounter manufacturing difficulties involving production yields, quality control and quality assurance. Durect is subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and
corresponding state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance with government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We cannot control Durect’s compliance with these regulations and standards. To date, Durect has not produced commercial-scale supply of these components. If we and King receive marketing approval for and commercially
launch REMOXY or other candidates designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use, we anticipate that Durect will need to materially expand its manufacturing capacity. Durect may not be able to increase its manufacturing capacity for REMOXY and
these other drug candidates in a timely or economic manner, or at all. Moreover, significant scale up of manufacturing will require additional validation studies, which are subject to FDA review and approval. If Durect is unable to successfully
increase the manufacturing capacity for such components of REMOXY and these other drugs, at an acceptable cost or otherwise, and we are unable to establish alternative manufacturing capabilities, the commercial launch or continued commercialization
after a commercial launch of REMOXY and these other drugs may be delayed, prevented or impaired or there may be a shortage in supply, which would harm our future revenues and cause our business to suffer. Risks Relating to our Financial Position and Need for Financing Our operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate our business to date and to assess its future viability. Our operations from our inception to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, acquiring, developing and securing our
technology, undertaking preclinical studies and clinical trials of our drug candidates and forming collaborations. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to obtain regulatory approval, formulate and manufacture our drug candidates on a commercial
scale or conduct sales and marketing activities. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. We have a history of losses and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. Although we were profitable in 2006, 2007 and 2008 based on payments from King and interest income, we have yet to generate any revenues
from product sales. We had an accumulated deficit of $117.6 million as of December 31, 2009. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more of our drug candidates, we expect to continue to use significant cash resources in our
operations for the foreseeable future. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we: • | continue to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials for our drug candidates; • | seek regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; • | develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates; • | implement additional internal systems and develop new infrastructure; • | acquire or in-license additional products or technologies, or expand the use of our technology; 23 Table of Contents • | maintain, defend and expand the scope of our intellectual property; and • | hire additional personnel. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve and maintain profitability. If we cannot successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our drug candidates, we will not be
able to generate such revenues or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability would have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. If we cannot raise additional capital on acceptable terms, we may be unable to complete planned clinical trials of any or some of our drug candidates or
to pursue attractive business opportunities. We have funded all of our operations and capital expenditures with the
proceeds from our public and private stock offerings, payments received under our strategic alliance with King, and interest earned on our investments. We expect that our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to
meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next twelve months. However, we may elect to raise additional funds within such twelve-month period or need to raise additional funds thereafter and additional financing may not
be available on favorable terms, if at all. Even if we succeed in selling additional securities to raise funds, our existing stockholders’ ownership percentage would be reduced and new investors may demand rights, preferences or privileges
senior to those of existing stockholders. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, if available, such financings may involve covenants that restrict our business activities. If we raise additional capital through strategic alliance and
license arrangements such as our strategic alliance with King, we may have to trade our rights to our technology, intellectual property or drug candidates to others in such arrangements on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we determine that we need to raise additional funds and we are not successful in doing so, we may be unable to complete the clinical
development of some or all of our drug candidates or to seek or obtain FDA approval of our drug candidates. We then could be forced to discontinue product development, enter into a relationship with an additional strategic partner earlier than
currently intended, reduce sales and marketing efforts or forego attractive business opportunities. Risks Relating to an Investment in
our Common Stock Our stock price has been volatile and could experience a sudden decline in value. Our common stock has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations and may continue to experience volatility in the future. You may
not be able to sell your shares quickly or at the latest market price if trading in our stock is not active or the volume is low. The following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on
the market price of our common stock: • | results of or delays in efforts to seek regulatory approval for REMOXY, and in preclinical studies and clinical trials for our other drug candidates; • | the success of our collaboration agreements; • | publicity regarding actual or potential medical results relating to products under development by us or others; • | announcements of technological innovations or new commercial products by us or others; • | developments in patent or other proprietary rights by us or others; • | comments or opinions by securities analysts or major stockholders; • | future sales of our common stock by existing stockholders; • | regulatory developments or changes in regulatory guidance enacted by applicable governmental or other authorities; 24 Table of Contents • | litigation or threats of litigation; • | economic and other external factors or other disaster or crises; • | the departure of any of our officers, directors or key employees; • | period-to-period fluctuations in financial results; and • | limited daily trading volume. Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, SEC regulations and the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
create uncertainty for public companies. If we were unable to continue to comply with these requirements, we could be delisted from trading on the NASDAQ Global Market, or Nasdaq, and thereafter trading in our common stock, if any, may be conducted
through the over-the-counter or other market. As a consequence of such delisting, an investor would likely find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain quotations as to the price of, our common stock. Delisting of our common stock could also
result in lower prices per share of our common stock than would otherwise prevail. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents, our
Stockholder Rights Plan and Delaware law may prevent or delay removal of incumbent management or a change of control. Anti-takeover provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, our Stockholder Rights Plan and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring or delaying attempts by our stockholders to
remove or replace management, engage in proxy contests and effect changes in control. The provisions of our charter documents include: • | a classified board so that only one of the three classes of directors on our board of directors is elected each year; • | elimination of cumulative voting in the election of directors; • | procedures for advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals; • | the ability of our board of directors to amend our bylaws without stockholder approval; and • | the ability of our board of directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval upon the terms and conditions and with the rights, privileges and preferences as our board of directors may determine. The rights issued
pursuant to our Stockholder Rights Plan will become exercisable, subject to certain exceptions, the tenth day after a person or group announces acquisition of 15% or more of our common stock or announces commencement of a tender or exchange offer
the consummation of which would result in ownership by the person or group of 15% or more of our common stock. In addition,
as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any
interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless certain specific requirements are met as set forth in Section 203. These provisions, alone or together, could have the effect of deterring or delaying changes in incumbent management, proxy contests or
changes in control. Volatility in the stock prices of other companies may contribute to volatility in our stock price. The stock market in general, Nasdaq and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Further, there has been particular volatility in the market prices of 25 Table of Contents securities of early stage life sciences companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In the
past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in substantial costs, potential
liabilities and the diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our share ownership is concentrated, and our officers,
directors and principal stockholders can exert significant control over matters requiring stockholder approval. Due to
their combined stock holdings, our officers, directors and principal stockholders (stockholders holding greater than 5% of our common stock) acting collectively may have the ability to exercise significant influence over matters requiring
stockholder approval including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company and may make some transactions more difficult or
impossible to complete without the support of these stockholders. Publicly available information regarding stockholders’
ownership may not be comprehensive because the SEC does not require certain large stockholders to publicly disclose their stock ownership positions. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and this fluctuation may cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. Factors contributing to these fluctuations include, among other items, the timing and amounts of collaboration revenue recognized from
King, the timing and enrollment rates of clinical trials for our drug candidates, our need for clinical supplies and the valuation of stock-based compensation. Thus, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not indicative of what
we might expect in the future. As a result, in some future quarters our clinical, financial or operating results may not meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors that could result in a decline in the price of our stock. There may not be an active, liquid trading market for our common stock. There is no guarantee that an active trading market for our common stock will be maintained on Nasdaq. Investors may not be able to sell
their shares quickly or at the latest market price if trading in our stock is not active. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. | Properties We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of space in San Mateo and South San Francisco, California. All of our operations are located at our office space in San Mateo. We believe that our facilities are adequate and suitable for
our current needs. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings We are not a party to any legal proceedings. Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders There were no matters submitted to a vote of the security holders during the fourth quarter of 2009. 26 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “PTIE.” The following
table sets forth the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market for the periods indicated. Sales Prices
High | Low
Fiscal 2008:
First Quarter | $ | 10.73 | $ | 7.48
Second Quarter | $ | 8.86 | $ | 6.80
Third Quarter | $ | 10.32 | $ | 7.35
Fourth Quarter | $ | 10.09 | $ | 5.50
Fiscal 2009:
First Quarter | $ | 6.71 | $ | 3.20
Second Quarter | $ | 5.63 | $ | 3.85
Third Quarter | $ | 5.62 | $ | 4.02
Fourth Quarter | $ | 5.88 | $ | 4.63 We currently expect to
retain future earnings, if any, for use in the operation and expansion of our business and have not paid and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As of January 15, 2010, there were approximately 70 holders of
record of our common stock. 27 Table of Contents Performance Graph The following line graph compares the percentage change in the cumulative return to the stockholders of the our common stock with the cumulative return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ
Pharmaceutical Index for the period commencing December 31, 2004. * | The graph assumes that $100 invested on 12/31/04 in our common stock or index, and that all dividends were reinvested. We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not be considered indicative of future stockholder returns. 28 Table of Contents Item 6. | Selected Financial Data (in thousands except per share data) The following selected financial data should be read together with the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” and our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The selected balance sheet data at December 31, 2009 and 2008 and the selected statement of operations data for 2009, 2008 and
2007 have been derived from our audited financial statements that are included elsewhere in this report. The selected balance sheet data at December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 and the statements of operations for 2006 and 2005 have been derived
from our audited financial statements not included in this report. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in the future. Years ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Statement of operations data:
Collaboration revenue | $ | 6,215 | $ | 29,377 | $ | 42,746 | $ | 22,717 | $ | 1,368
Program fee revenue | 14,348 | 14,348 | 23,238 | 26,201 | 3,712
Milestone revenue | — | 20,000 | — | 5,000 | —
Total revenue | 20,563 | 63,725 | 65,984 | 53,918 | 5,080
Research and development expense | 21,059 | 45,817 | 47,730 | 46,803 | 32,938
General and administrative expense | 6,258 | 9,196 | 8,085 | 7,668 | 4,859
Total operating expenses | 27,317 | 55,013 | 55,815 | 54,471 | 37,797
Operating income (loss) | (6,754 | ) | 8,712 | 10,169 | (553 | ) | (32,717 | )
Interest and other income, net | 1,777 | 6,018 | 10,136 | 9,668 | 2,047
Income (loss) before income taxes | (4,977 | ) | 14,730 | 20,305 | 9,115 | (30,670 | )
Benefit from income taxes | (1,510 | ) | (617 | ) | — | 2,927 | —
Net income (loss) | $ | (3,467 | ) | $ | 15,347 | $ | 20,305 | $ | 6,188 | $ | (30,670 | )
Net income (loss) per share:
Basic | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.36 | $ | 0.46 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | )
Diluted | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.35 | $ | 0.44 | $ | 0.14 | $ | (0.70 | )
Weighted average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share:
Basic | 42,165 | 42,252 | 44,150 | 44,146 | 43,795
Diluted | 42,165 | 43,857 | 45,676 | 45,475 | 43,795
December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Balance sheet data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 35,794 | $ | 153,158 | $ | 86,567 | $ | 16,386 | $ | 95,651
Marketable securities | 139,965 | 36,937 | 118,504 | 188,014 | 117,001
Working capital | 159,959 | 170,522 | 184,717 | 170,460 | 181,817
Total assets | 182,005 | 193,436 | 207,625 | 208,456 | 215,795
Deferred program fee revenue | 68,153 | 82,502 | 96,849 | 120,087 | 146,288
Total liabilities | 73,753 | 89,150 | 103,711 | 130,541 | 152,435
Total stockholders’ equity | 108,252 | 104,286 | 103,914 | 77,915 | 63,360 29 Table of Contents Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this
report. Operating results are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future periods. Overview We are a biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. Our lead drug candidate is called REMOXY. REMOXY is a strong painkiller with a
unique formulation designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use. REMOXY and other abuse-resistant painkillers are being developed pursuant to a strategic alliance we have with King. King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by
us for REMOXY and other abuse-resistant painkillers pursuant to the terms of our strategic alliance. We will receive a $15.0 million cash milestone payment from King upon regulatory approval of REMOXY in the United States. We will also receive a
royalty equal to 20% of net sales of drugs developed under this strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in cumulative net sales, for which the royalty is set at 15%. We and King jointly managed a Phase III clinical program and NDA submission for REMOXY. In mid-2008, the FDA accepted our NDA for REMOXY
with Priority Review. In December 2008, we received from the FDA a Complete Response Letter for the NDA for REMOXY. In this Complete Response Letter, the FDA indicated additional non-clinical data is required to support the approval of REMOXY. The
FDA has not requested or recommended additional clinical efficacy studies prior to approval. In March 2009, King assumed sole responsibility for the regulatory approval of REMOXY. This shift of responsibility did not change any economic term of our
strategic alliance with King. In July 2009, King met with the FDA to discuss REMOXY. As a result of this meeting, King anticipates a resubmission of the REMOXY NDA could occur in 2010. We are also developing a pipeline of novel drug candidates in the area of hematology and oncology. We own all commercial rights to our
pipeline of drug candidates in hematology and oncology. We are developing a novel drug candidate called PTI-188 to treat
metastatic melanoma, a deadly form of skin cancer. PTI-188 is a monoclonal antibody linked to a radioisotope, intended to deliver doses of radiation lethal to melanoma tumors without harming normal tissue. In 2008, we announced the completion of our
first clinical study with PTI-188 in Israel. In May 2009, we announced the initiation of another Phase I clinical study with PTI-188 in Israel. The primary objective of this dose-escalation Phase I study is to assess the safety, pharmacokinetics and
anti-tumor activity of PTI-188 in patients with metastatic melanoma. We expect to announce data from this Phase I study in the quarter ended March 31, 2010. We have a gene transfer program, developed at Stanford University, aimed at correcting an underlying genetic defect in patients with hemophilia, a genetic disorder in which patients are unable to stop
bleeding. During 2009, we conducted a variety of pre-clinical studies with this technology. We expect to announce data from a preclinical study with this technology in the quarter ended March 31, 2010. All of our collaboration, contract and milestone revenues are recognized pursuant to our strategic alliance with King. In 2005, King made an
upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us. King has made milestone payments to us of $25.0 million related to clinical and regulatory milestones under the strategic alliance. We could also receive from King up to $125.0 million in additional
milestone payments in the course of clinical development of the opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. Subject to certain limitations, King is also obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration
agreement. King is obligated to fund the commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs developed in connection with the strategic alliance. King is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales of drugs
developed in connection with the strategic alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in cumulative net sales of such drugs, for which the royalty is set at 15%. 30 Table of Contents Although we were profitable in 2006, 2007 and 2008 based on payments received from King and
interest income, we have yet to generate any revenues from product sales. Through December 31, 2009, we have recorded an accumulated deficit of approximately $117.6 million. These losses have resulted principally from costs incurred in
connection with research and development activities, salaries and other personnel-related costs and general corporate expenses. Research and development activities include costs of preclinical and clinical trials as well as clinical supplies
associated with our drug candidates. Salaries and other personnel-related costs include non-cash stock-based compensation associated with options granted to employees and non-employees. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially from period
to period as a result of the timing and enrollment rates of clinical trials for our drug candidates and our need for clinical supplies. We expect to continue to use significant cash resources in our operations for the next several years. Our cash requirements for operating activities and capital expenditures will increase substantially in
the future as we: • | continue to conduct preclinical and clinical trials for our drug candidates; • | seek regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; • | develop, formulate, manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates; • | implement additional internal systems and develop new infrastructure; • | acquire or in-license additional products or technologies, or expand the use of our technology; • | maintain, defend and expand the scope of our intellectual property; and • | hire additional personnel. Product revenue will depend on our ability to receive regulatory approvals for, and successfully market, our drug candidates. If our development efforts result in regulatory approval and successful
commercialization of our drug candidates, we will generate revenue from direct sales of our drugs and/or, if we license our drugs to future collaborators, from the receipt of license fees and royalties from sales of licensed products. We conduct our
research and development programs through a combination of internal and collaborative programs. We rely on arrangements with universities, our collaborators, contract research organizations and clinical research sites for a significant portion of
our product development efforts. We focus substantially all our research and development efforts on the research and
development of drugs for the treatment of pain, metastatic melanoma and hemophilia. The following table summarizes expenses by category for research and development efforts (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Compensation | $ | 10,165 | $ | 15,117 | $ | 11,126
Contractor fees (1) | 7,165 | 22,112 | 26,405
Supplies (2) | 1,150 | 3,668 | 6,325
Other common costs (3) | 2,579 | 4,920 | 3,874
$ | 21,059 | $ | 45,817 | $ | 47,730 (1) | Contractor fees generally include expenses for preclinical studies and clinical trials. (2) | Supplies generally include costs for formulation and manufacturing activities. (3) | Other generally includes the allocation of common costs such as facilities. Our technology has been applied across certain of our portfolio of drug candidates. Data, know-how, personnel, clinical results, research results and other matters related to the research and development
of any one of our drug candidates also relate to, and further the development of, our other drug candidates. For example, we expect that results of non-clinical studies, such as pharmacokinetics, toxicology and other studies, regarding certain
components of our drug candidate REMOXY to be applicable to the other potential drug candidates that 31 Table of Contents may arise out of our collaboration with King since all such potential drug candidates are expected to utilize such components. As a result, costs allocated to a specific drug candidate may not
necessarily reflect the actual costs surrounding research and development of that drug candidate due to cross application of the foregoing. We spent approximately $3.4 million in 2009, $2.8 million in 2008 and $3.2 million in 2007 on PTI-188, primarily in contractor fees and supplies. We spent approximately $3.9 million in 2009, $6.0 million
in 2008 and $1.0 million in 2007 on hemophilia, primarily in contractor fees and supplies. Estimating the dates of completion
of clinical development, and the costs to complete development, of our drug candidates would be highly speculative, subjective and potentially misleading. Pharmaceutical products take a significant amount of time to research, develop and
commercialize. The clinical trial portion of the development of a new drug alone usually spans several years. We expect to reassess our future research and development plans based on our review of data we receive from our current research and
development activities. The cost and pace of our future research and development activities are linked and subject to change. Critical
Accounting Policies The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and interest income in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We evaluate our estimates on an
ongoing basis, including those estimates related to contract agreements, research collaborations and investments. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
The following items in our financial statements require significant estimates and judgments: • | Expenses for clinical trials. We incur expenses for clinical trials from the planning phase through patient enrollment to reporting of the underlying data. We estimate expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on patient enrollment and based on clinical data collection and management. Costs that are associated with patient enrollment are recognized as each patient in the clinical trial completes enrollment. Estimated clinical trial costs related to enrollment can vary based on numerous factors, including expected number of patients in trials, the number of patients that do not complete participation in a trial, and when a patient drops out of a trial. Information about patient enrollment can become available significantly after we report our expenses for clinical trials, in which case we would change our estimate of the remaining cost of a trial. Costs that are based on clinical data collection and management are recognized based on estimates of unbilled goods and services received. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial, we would accrue an amount based on estimates of the remaining non-cancelable obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial. • | Stock-based compensation . We recognize expense in the statement of operations for the fair value of all share-based payments to employees and directors, including grants of employee stock options and other share based awards. For stock options, we use the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the single-option award approach and straight-line attribution method. Using this approach, the compensation cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of each respective stock option, generally four years. We estimate forfeitures and adjust this estimate periodically based on the extent to which future actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. We have granted share-based awards that
vest upon achievement of certain performance criteria, or Performance Awards. The value of these awards is the product of the number of shares of our common stock to be issued under the award multiplied by the fair market value of a share of our
common stock on the date of grant. These awards include future performance conditions. We estimate an implicit service period for achieving these performance conditions. Performance Awards vest and common stock is issued on achieving performance
conditions. We recognize stock-based compensation expense 32 Table of Contents for Performance Awards when we conclude that achieving a performance condition is probable. We periodically review and update as appropriate our estimates of the implicit service periods and the
likelihood of achieving the performance conditions. • | Revenue recognition and deferred program fee revenue. We recognize program fee revenue, collaboration revenue and milestone revenue in connection with our strategic alliance with King. Program fee revenue is derived from the $150.0 million upfront payment from King received in December 2005 and is recognized ratably over our estimate of the development period of four drug candidates expected to be developed under the strategic alliance with King. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. We review the estimated development period on a quarterly basis and change it if appropriate based upon our latest expectations. Collaboration revenues from reimbursement of development expenses are generally recognized when King has completed its review of the expenses invoiced to them. King is obligated to pay us milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain substantive events in the development of REMOXY and the other opioid painkillers under the strategic alliance. We recognize milestone payments from King as revenue when we achieve the underlying developmental milestone as the milestone payments are not dependent upon any other future activities or achievement of any other future milestones and the achievement of each of the developmental milestones were substantively at risk and contingent at the effective date of the collaboration. Substantial effort is involved in achieving each of the developmental milestones. These milestones represent the culmination of discrete earnings processes and the amount of each milestone payment is reasonable in relation with the level of effort associated with the achievement of the milestone. Each milestone payment is non-refundable and non-creditable when made. The ongoing research and development services being provided to King under the collaboration are priced at fair value based upon the reimbursement of expenses incurred pursuant to the collaboration with King. • | Taxes. We make estimates and judgments in determining the need for a provision for income taxes, including the estimation of our taxable income or loss for each full fiscal year. We have accumulated significant deferred tax assets. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any. We are uncertain as to the timing and amount of any future earnings. Accordingly, we offset these net deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. We may in the future determine that more of our deferred tax assets will likely be realized, in which case we will reduce our valuation allowance in the quarter in which such determination is made. If the valuation allowance is reduced, we may recognize a benefit from income taxes in our statement of operations in that period. We classify interest recognized in connection with our tax positions as interest expense, when appropriate. Results of Operations Years Ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 Revenue—Program fee revenue King paid us a $150.0 million upfront fee in connection with the closing of our strategic alliance with King in December
2005. Revenues recognized from amortization of this upfront fee were $14.3 million in 2009 and 2008. We expect to recognize the rest of the program fee ratably over our estimate of the remainder of the development period under the strategic alliance
with King. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. Revenue—Collaboration revenue Collaboration revenues were $6.2 million in 2009 and $29.4 million in 2008.
These revenues related to reimbursement of our development expenses incurred pursuant to the King strategic alliance. Collaboration 33 Table of Contents revenues were lower in 2009 as compared to 2008 primarily because the reimbursable expenses we incurred pursuant to the strategic alliance with King were lower in 2009 as compared to 2008. We expect the amount and timing of collaboration revenue to fluctuate in relation to the amount and timing of the underlying
research and development expenses, as well as the timing of completion of King’s review of submitted expenses. Research and
Development Expense Research and development expense consists primarily of costs of drug development work associated with
our drug candidates, including: • | preclinical testing, • | clinical trials, • | clinical supplies and related formulation and design costs, and • | salaries and other personnel-related expenses. Research and development expense decreased to $21.1 million in 2009 from $45.8 million in 2008. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in clinical and development activities for REMOXY as well as the
assumption in 2009 by King of primary regulatory responsibility for REMOXY, partially offset by increased activities in metastatic melanoma, hemophilia and other projects. Research and development expenses included non-cash stock related
compensation costs of $4.0 million in 2009 and $6.1 million in 2008. We expect research and development expenses to fluctuate
over the next several years as we continue our development efforts. We expect our development efforts to result in our drug candidates progressing through various stages of clinical trials, including current and potential clinical trials for our
other abuse-resistant drug candidates, as well as further clinical development of our product candidates in metastatic melanoma and hemophilia. King is obligated to reimburse development expenses for our abuse-resistant drug candidates pursuant to
our collaboration. Our research and development expenses may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and scope of our development activities and the results of clinical trials and preclinical studies. General and Administrative Expense General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and other general corporate expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased to $6.3 million in 2009 from $9.2 million in 2008. The decrease was primarily due to
decreases in non-cash stock-related compensation costs. General and administrative expenses included non-cash stock related compensation costs of $2.7 million in 2009 and $4.1 million in 2008. We expect general and administrative expenses to
increase over the next several years in connection with support of precommercialization and commercialization activities for our drug candidates. The increase may fluctuate from period to period due to the timing and scope of these activities and
the results of clinical trials and preclinical studies. Interest and Other Income, Net Interest and other income, net, decreased to $1.8 million in 2009 from $6.0 million in 2008. This decrease was primarily due to decreases in
prevailing interest rates on investments in marketable securities and, to a lesser extent, decreased average balances of marketable securities. We expect our interest income to decrease in the future as we use cash to fund our operations. Benefit from Income Taxes We did not provide for income taxes in 2009 because we did not have taxable income in 2009. We plan to elect to carryback part of our tax loss for 2009 against federal taxes paid for 2008 and the
remaining portion of 34 Table of Contents federal taxes paid for 2006. We expect this election will result in a combined federal tax refund in 2010 of $1.6 million. In anticipation of this refund, we have recorded a benefit from income
taxes of $1.5 million for 2009. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were immaterial for 2009 and 2008. In 2008 we had an income tax benefit of $0.6 million comprised of a federal tax benefit of $0.8 million, net of a provision for state taxes of $0.2 million. The federal income tax benefit is primarily due to the recognition in 2008 of
previously generated net operating losses and tax credits. Years Ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 Revenue—Program fee revenue King paid us a $150.0 million upfront fee in connection with the closing of our strategic alliance with King in December 2005. Revenues recognized from amortization of this upfront fee were 14.3 million and $23.2 million in the years
ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The decrease of $8.9 million from 2007 to 2008 is due to the extension of the development period over which we recognize the program fee revenue in the fourth quarter of 2007 based upon recent
clinical developments and communications with King regarding product development plans. Revenue—Collaboration revenue Collaboration revenues were $29.4 million and $42.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. These
revenues related to reimbursement of our development expenses incurred pursuant to the King strategic alliance. The decrease of $13.3 million in 2008 was primarily because 2007 revenue included recognition of approximately $10.4 million in costs
incurred by us between September and December 2006 that were subject to completion of King’s review. King reviewed and paid for these expenses in 2007. We incurred expenses of $3.8 million in 2007 which King reimbursed in 2008. We incurred
expenses of $1.1 million in 2008 which King reimbursed in 2009. Revenue—Milestone revenue Milestone revenue was $20.0 million in 2008. King made a milestone payment of $15.0 million to us on acceptance of the NDA for REMOXY by the
FDA and $5.0 million in connection with the acceptance by the FDA of the IND for PTI-202. Research and Development Expense Research and development expense consists primarily of costs of drug development work associated with our drug candidates, including: • | preclinical testing, • | clinical trials, • | clinical supplies and related formulation and design costs, and • | salaries and other personnel-related expenses. Research and development expense decreased to $45.8 million from $47.7 million in the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in clinical and
development activities for REMOXY partially offset by increased activities in metastatic melanoma, hemophilia and other projects. Research and development expenses included non-cash stock related compensation costs of $6.1 million and $3.7 million
in the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Non-cash stock related compensation costs in 2008 included $1.7 million associated with vesting of Performance Awards. 35 Table of Contents General and Administrative Expense General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation and other general corporate expenses. General and administrative
expenses increased to $9.2 million from $8.1 million in the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The increase was primarily due to increases in non-cash stock-related compensation costs. General and administrative expenses
included non-cash stock related compensation costs of $4.1 million and $2.6 million in the twelve months ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Non-cash stock related compensation costs in 2008 included $1.6 million associated with
vesting of Performance Awards. Interest and Other Income, Net Interest and other income, net, decreased to $6.0 million from $10.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively, primarily due to decreases in prevailing interest rates on investments in marketable securities and, to a lesser extent, decreased average balances of marketable securities. Benefit from Income Taxes In 2008 we had an income tax benefit of $0.6 million comprised of a federal tax benefit of $0.8 million, net of a provision for state taxes of $0.2 million. The federal income tax benefit is primarily due to the recognition in 2008 of
previously generated net operating losses and tax credits. We did not provide for income taxes in 2007 because we did not have taxable income in 2007, primarily due to all of our program fee revenue having been recognized for tax purposes in prior
years. Liquidity and Capital Resources Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through public and private stock offerings, payments received under our strategic alliance with King, and interest earned on our investments. We
intend to continue to use our capital resources to fund research and development activities, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2009, cash, cash equivalents and marketable
securities were $175.8 million. Net cash used by operating activities was $14.7 million for 2009 compared to net cash
provided by operating activities $11.2 million for 2008. This change was primarily due to the receipt of $20.0 million in milestone payments in 2008 combined with a $23.2 million decrease in collaboration revenue in 2009 as compared to 2008. Net cash used in investing activities was $103.2 million for 2009 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of
$80.2 million for 2008. Investing activities for both years consisted primarily of the purchase and sale of marketable securities. Our investing activities to purchase property, equipment and leasehold improvements used no cash for 2009 and 2008. In
2008, we wrote-off our property, equipment and leasehold improvements and accumulated depreciation and amortization related to our lease of office space in South San Francisco because we no longer use that office space. We expect to continue to
invest in our infrastructure to support our operations. Net cash provided by financing activities was $0.6 million for 2009
and net cash used in financing activities was $24.8 million in 2008. In 2008, we completed a stock buyback plan for the repurchase of up to $30.0 million of our common stock. We used cash of $26.2 million in 2008 to purchase our common stock on the
open market. Other cash from financing activities in both 2009 and 2008 consisted primarily of proceeds received from the issuance of our common stock pursuant to stock option exercises and stock purchased by employees pursuant to our 2000 Employee
Stock Purchase Plan. We expect to receive a tax refund of $2.1 million in the quarter ended March 31, 2010 from federal
taxes paid for 2006. In addition, we plan to elect to carryback part of our tax loss for 2009 against all federal taxes paid for 2008 and a portion of federal taxes paid for 2006. We expect this election will result in a combined federal tax refund
in 2010 of an additional $1.6 million. Realization of our other deferred tax assets is dependent on 36 Table of Contents future earnings, if any. We are uncertain about the timing and amount of any future earnings. Accordingly, we offset these deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. There is a high degree
of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows associated with our liabilities recognized uncertain tax positions. Our liability at December 31, 2009 related to our uncertain tax positions does not result in a material contractual
obligation. We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of general office space pursuant to non-cancelable operating
leases that will expire in 2010 and 2012. Future minimum lease payments for our leases are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in thousands): 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | Total
Future minimum lease payments | $ | 713 | $ | 570 | $ | 339 | $ | 1,622 We believe that our facilities are
adequate and suitable for our current needs. We have license agreements that require us to make milestone payments upon the
successful achievement of milestones, including clinical milestones. Our license agreements also require us to pay certain royalties to our licensors if we succeed in fully commercializing products under these license agreements. All of these
potential future payments are cancelable as of December 31, 2009. Our formulation agreement with Durect Corporation obligates us to make certain milestone payments upon achieving clinical milestones and regulatory milestones. King is obligated
to reimburse us for any of our milestone payments and royalty payments to Durect Corporation. We have an accumulated deficit
of $117.6 million at December 31, 2009. We expect our cash requirements to be significant in the future. The amount and timing of our future cash requirements will depend on regulatory and market acceptance of our drug candidates and the
resources we devote to researching and developing, formulating, manufacturing, commercializing and supporting our products. We believe that our current resources should be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We may
seek additional future funding through public or private financing within this timeframe, if such funding is available and on terms acceptable to us. Off-balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2009, we did not have any relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other
contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. Therefore, we are not materially exposed to financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had
engaged in these relationships. We do not have relationships or transactions with persons or entities that derive benefits from their non-independent relationship with us or our related parties. Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk The primary objective of our cash investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from
our investments without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that we invest in may be subject to market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. For
example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the interest rate later rises, the principal amount of our investment will probably decline. A hypothetical 50 basis point increase in interest
rates reduces the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at December 31, 2009 by approximately $0.7 million. To minimize this risk in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities in a
variety of securities, including commercial paper, government and non-government debt securities and/or money market funds that invest in such securities. We have no holdings of derivative financial or commodity instruments. As of December 31,
2009, our investments consisted of investments in corporate and government notes and obligations or in money market accounts and checking funds with variable market rates of interest. We believe our credit risk is immaterial. 37 Table of Contents Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | 39
Balance Sheets | 40
Statements of Operations | 41
Statement of Stockholders’ Equity | 42
Statements of Cash Flows | 43
Notes to Financial Statements | 44 38 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Pain Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pain Therapeutics, Inc. at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Pain Therapeutics,
Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated February 1, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. ERNST & YOUNG LLP Palo Alto, California February 1, 2010 39 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share and per share data) December 31,
2009 | 2008
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 35,794 | $ | 153,158
Marketable securities | 139,965 | 36,937
Other current assets | 2,712 | 541
Total current assets | 178,471 | 190,636
Property and equipment, net | 517 | 774
Other assets | 3,017 | 2,026
Total assets | $ | 182,005 | $ | 193,436
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 1,317 | $ | 2,216
Accrued development expense | 1,221 | 1,029
Deferred program fee revenue—current portion | 14,348 | 14,348
Accrued compensation and benefits | 1,138 | 1,690
Other accrued liabilities | 487 | 831
Total current liabilities | 18,511 | 20,114
Non-current liabilities
Deferred program fee revenue—non-current portion | 53,805 | 68,154
Deferred tax liabilities | 1,437 | 882
Total liabilities | 73,753 | 89,150
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity
Preferred stock, $.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $.001 par value; 120,000,000 shares authorized; 42,301,901 and 42,068,752 shares issued and outstanding in 2009 and 2008, respectively | 42 | 42
Additional paid-in-capital | 225,432 | 218,021
Accumulated other comprehensive income | 347 | 325
Accumulated deficit | (117,569 | ) | (114,102 | )
Total stockholders’ equity | 108,252 | 104,286
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity | $ | 182,005 | $ | 193,436 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 40 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) Years ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Revenue
Collaboration revenue | $ | 6,215 | $ | 29,377 | $ | 42,746
Program fee revenue | 14,348 | 14,348 | 23,238
Milestone revenue | — | 20,000 | —
Total revenue | 20,563 | 63,725 | 65,984
Operating expenses
Research and development | 21,059 | 45,817 | 47,730
General and administrative | 6,258 | 9,196 | 8,085
Total operating expenses | 27,317 | 55,013 | 55,815
Operating income (loss) | (6,754 | ) | 8,712 | 10,169
Interest and other income, net | 1,777 | 6,018 | 10,136
Income (loss) before income taxes | (4,977 | ) | 14,730 | 20,305
Benefit from income taxes | (1,510 | ) | (617 | ) | —
Net income (loss) | $ | (3,467 | ) | $ | 15,347 | $ | 20,305
Net income (loss) per share
Basic | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.36 | $ | 0.46
Diluted | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.35 | $ | 0.44
Weighted-average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share
Basic | 42,165 | 42,252 | 44,150
Diluted | 42,165 | 43,857 | 45,676 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 41 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except per share data) Common stock | Additional paid-in capital | Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) | Accumulated deficit | Total stockholders’ equity
Shares | Par value
Balance at December 31, 2006 | 44,314,003 | $ | 44 | $ | 214,749 | $ | (372 | ) | $ | (136,506 | ) | $ | 77,915
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 400,442 | — | 2,284 | — | — | 2,284
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 71,358 | — | 368 | — | — | 368
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | 437 | — | — | 437
Compensation with respect to employee option grants | — | — | 5,857 | — | — | 5,857
Accrued sabbatical benefits | — | — | — | — | (415 | ) | (415 | )
Purchase of stock pursuant to the stock repurchase plan | (480,700 | ) | — | (2,280 | ) | — | (1,513 | ) | (3,793 | )
Net unrealized gains on investment in marketable securities | — | — | — | 956 | — | 956
Net income | — | — | — | — | 20,305 | 20,305
Comprehensive income | 21,261
Balance at December 31, 2007 | 44,305,103 | 44 | 221,415 | 584 | (118,129 | ) | 103,914
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 819,058 | 1 | 638 | — | — | 639
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 73,354 | — | 462 | — | — | 462
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | 128 | — | — | 128
Compensation with respect to employee option grants and share based awards | — | — | 10,077 | — | — | 10,077
Purchase of stock pursuant to the stock repurchase plan | (3,128,763 | ) | (3 | ) | (14,884 | ) | — | (11,320 | ) | (26,207 | )
Tax benefits from the exercise of options | — | — | 185 | — | — | 185
Net unrealized losses on investments in marketable securities | — | — | — | (259 | ) | — | (259 | )
Net income | — | — | — | — | 15,347 | 15,347
Comprehensive income | 15,088
Balance at December 31, 2008 | 42,068,752 | 42 | 218,021 | 325 | (114,102 | ) | 104,286
Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of stock options | 194,311 | — | 436 | — | — | 436
Issuance of common stock related to employee stock purchase plan | 38,838 | — | 128 | — | — | 128
Compensation with respect to non-employee option grants | — | — | (22 | ) | — | — | (22 | )
Compensation with respect to employee option grants and share based awards | — | — | 6,681 | — | — | 6,681
Tax benefits from the exercise of options | — | — | 188 | — | — | 188
Net unrealized gains on investments in marketable securities | — | — | — | 22 | — | 22
Net income (loss) | — | — | — | — | (3,467 | ) | (3,467 | )
Comprehensive income (loss) | (3,445 | )
Balance at December 31, 2009 | 42,301,901 | $ | 42 | $ | 225,432 | $ | 347 | $ | (117,569 | ) | $ | 108,252 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 42 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Years ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities:
Net income (loss) | $ | (3,467 | ) | $ | 15,347 | $ | 20,305
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Non-cash stock based compensation | 6,659 | 10,205 | 6,294
Depreciation and amortization | 257 | 452 | 356
Non-cash net interest income | 22 | 1,073 | 679
Loss on disposal of property and equipment | — | 381 | —
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Deferred program fee revenue | (14,348 | ) | (14,348 | ) | (23,238 | )
Other current assets | (1,972 | ) | (238 | ) | 2,411
Other non-current assets | (440 | ) | (1,060 | ) | (86 | )
Accounts payable | (899 | ) | (1,408 | ) | 2,639
Accrued development expense | 192 | 212 | (4,960 | )
Income taxes payable | — | — | (2,779 | )
Tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | 188 | 185 | —
Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | 9 | (298 | ) | —
Accrued compensation and benefits | (552 | ) | (4 | ) | 492
Other accrued liabilities | (344 | ) | 656 | 51
Other non-current liabilities | 4 | 8 | 67
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | (14,691 | ) | 11,163 | 2,231
Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities:
Purchase of property and equipment | — | — | (696 | )
Purchase of marketable securities | (154,000 | ) | (2,122 | ) | (138,394 | )
Sales of marketable securities | 2,422 | 52,887 | 199,681
Maturities of marketable securities | 48,350 | 29,471 | 8,500
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | (103,228 | ) | 80,236 | 69,091
Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities:
Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation plans | (9 | ) | 298 | —
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net | 564 | 1,101 | 2,652
Purchase of stock pursuant to the stock repurchase plan | — | (26,207 | ) | (3,793 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | 555 | (24,808 | ) | (1,141 | )
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | (117,364 | ) | 66,591 | 70,181
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year | 153,158 | 86,567 | 16,386
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year | $ | 35,794 | $ | 153,158 | $ | 86,567
Supplemental cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | 1,177 | $ | — | $ | 2,800 See accompanying notes to financial statements. 43 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1. Business We are a biopharmaceutical company that develops novel drugs. We have four drug candidates in
clinical programs, including REMOXY, PTI-202, PTI-721 and a novel radio-labeled monoclonal antibody to treat metastatic melanoma. We are also working on a new treatment for patients with hemophilia. Although we were profitable in 2007 and 2008 based on payments from King Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or King, and interest income, in the course
of our development activities, we have sustained cumulative operating losses. There are no assurances that additional financing will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue earned
and expenses incurred during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Revenue Recognition and Deferred
Program Fee Revenue Revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We and King have a strategic alliance to
develop and commercialize REMOXY and up to three other opioid painkillers designed to reduce potential risks of unintended use. In connection with the strategic alliance, we recognize program fee revenue, collaboration revenue and milestone revenue.
Program fee revenue is derived from the upfront payment received from King in December 2005 and is recognized ratably over our estimate of the development period of the four drug candidates expected to be developed under the strategic alliance with
King. We currently estimate the development period for all four expected drug candidates to extend through September 2014. We review the estimated development period on a quarterly basis and change it if appropriate based upon our latest
expectations. Deferred program fee revenue represents the amount of the upfront payment that has not yet been recognized as revenue. Collaboration revenues from reimbursement of development expenses are generally recognized when King has completed its review of the expenses invoiced to them. King is obligated to pay us milestone payments contingent upon the achievement of certain substantive events in the clinical development of REMOXY and the other opioid painkillers under the strategic
alliance. We recognize milestone payments from King as revenue when we achieve the underlying developmental milestone as the milestone payments are not dependent upon any other future activities or achievement of any other future milestones and the
achievement of each of the developmental milestones were substantively at risk and contingent at the effective date of the collaboration. Substantial effort is involved in achieving each of the developmental milestones. These milestones represent
the culmination of discrete earnings processes and the amount of each milestone payment is reasonable in relation with the level of effort associated with the achievement of the milestone. Each milestone payment is non-refundable and non-creditable
when made. The ongoing research and development services being provided to King under the collaboration are priced at fair value based upon the reimbursement of expenses incurred pursuant to the collaboration with King. 44 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Concentration of Credit Risk We consider all highly liquid financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash
equivalents consist of cash maintained at two financial institutions and in money market funds. We believe the financial risks associated with these instruments are minimal. We have not incurred material losses from our investments in these
securities. Marketable Securities and Fair Value Measurements We invest in interest bearing marketable securities, generally consisting of corporate and government securities. We may elect to sell these
investments before they mature. Therefore, we hold these investments as “available for sale” and include these investments in our balance sheets as current assets, even though the contractual maturity of a particular investment may be
beyond one year. We report our marketable securities at fair value, which may include unrealized gains and losses. Our unrealized gains and losses on investments are recorded as a separate component of stockholders’ equity as accumulated other
comprehensive income or loss. We recognize all realized gains and losses on our available-for-sale securities in interest income in the accompanying statement of operations on a specific identification basis. Our marketable securities are maintained
at two financial institutions and are governed by our investment policy as approved by our Board of Directors. To date we
have not recorded any impairment charges on marketable securities related to other-than-temporary declines in market value. We would recognize an impairment charge when the decline in the estimated fair value of a marketable security below the
amortized cost is determined to be other-than-temporary. We consider various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the duration of time and the severity to which the fair value has been less than our amortized
cost, any adverse changes in the investees’ financial condition and our intent to sell or whether it is more likely than not that we would be required to sell the marketable security before its anticipated recovery. We measure our cash equivalents and marketable securities at fair value on a recurring basis and have significant observable inputs where
there are identical or comparable assets in the market to use in establishing our fair value measurements. We consider money market funds and certificates of deposit to be Level 1. We use significant observable inputs that include but are not
limited to benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes and issuer spreads. We consider these inputs to be Level 2 inputs. Generally, the types of instruments we invest in are not traded on a market such as the NASDAQ Global Market, which
we would consider to be Level 1 inputs. We do not have any investments that would require inputs considered to be Level 3. We use the bid price to establish fair value. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost,
net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets (generally two to five years). Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter
of the estimated useful life of the assets or the lease term. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We regularly perform reviews to determine if the carrying value of our long-lived assets is impaired. We consider facts or circumstances,
either internal, or external that indicate that we may not recover the carrying value of the asset. No events or changes in circumstances have occurred with respect to our long-lived assets that would indicate that an impairment analysis should have
been performed. 45 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Business Segments We report segment information based on how we internally evaluate the operating performance of our business units, or segments. Our
operations are confined to one business segment: the development of novel drugs. Stock-based Compensation We recognize expense in the statement of operations for the fair value of all share-based payments to employees and directors, including
grants of employee stock options and other share based awards. For stock options, we use the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the single-option award approach and straight-line attribution method. Using this approach, the compensation cost
is amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of each respective stock option, generally four years. We estimate forfeitures and adjust this estimate periodically based on the extent to which future actual forfeitures differ, or are
expected to differ, from such estimates. We have granted share-based awards that vest upon achievement of certain performance
criteria, or Performance Awards. The value of these awards is the product of the number of shares of our common stock to be issued under the award multiplied by the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of grant. These awards
include future performance conditions. We estimate an implicit service period for achieving these performance conditions. Performance Awards vest and common stock is issued on achieving performance conditions. We recognize stock-based compensation
expense for Performance Awards when we conclude that achieving a performance condition is probable. We periodically review and update as appropriate our estimates of the implicit service periods and the likelihood of achieving the performance
conditions. Expenses for Clinical Trials Research and development expense includes the cost of clinical trials. Expenses for clinical trials are incurred from planning through patient enrollment to reporting of the underlying data. We estimate
expenses incurred for clinical trials that are in process based on patient enrollment and based on clinical data collection and management. Costs that are associated with patient enrollment are recognized as each patient in the clinical trial
completes enrollment. Estimated clinical trial costs related to enrollment can vary based on numerous factors, including expected number of patients in trials, the number of patients that do not complete participation in a trial, and when a patient
drops out of a trial. Information about patient enrollment can become available significantly after we report our expenses for clinical trials, in which case we would change our estimate of the remaining cost of a trial. Costs that are based on
clinical data collection and management are recognized based on estimates of unbilled goods and services received. In the event of early termination of a clinical trial, we would accrue an amount based on estimates of the remaining non-cancelable
obligations associated with winding down the clinical trial. Net Income (Loss) per Share Basic net income (loss) per share is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the reporting
period. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed on the basis of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus dilutive potential common shares outstanding using the treasury-stock method. Potential dilutive common shares
consist of outstanding stock options and warrants. 46 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) The numerators and denominators in the calculation of basic and diluted net income
(loss) per share were as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Numerators:
Net income (loss) | $ | (3,467 | ) | $ | 15,347 | $ | 20,305
Denominator
Weighted average shares used to compute basic net income (loss) per share | 42,165 | 42,252 | 44,150
Effect of dilutive securities:
Dilution from employee stock plans | — | 1,605 | 1,393
Dilution from warrants | — | — | 133
Potential dilutive common shares | — | 1,605 | 1,526
Weighted average shares used to compute diluted net income (loss) per share | 42,165 | 43,857 | 45,676
Net income (loss) per share:
Basic | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.36 | $ | 0.46
Diluted | $ | (0.08 | ) | $ | 0.35 | $ | 0.44 In 2009, 2008 and 2007, we excluded 10.6 million, 5.1 million and
3.2 million shares from diluted net income per share as the option exercise price was greater than the average market price per share and the effect would be anti-dilutive. Comprehensive Income Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and unrealized holding gains and losses on available-for-sale securities as follows (in thousands): Years Ended December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Net income (loss) | $ | (3,467 | ) | $ | 15,347 | $ | 20,305
Other comprehensive income (loss) | 22 | (259 | ) | 956
Comprehensive income (loss) | $ | (3,445 | ) | $ | 15,088 | $ | 21,261 Income Taxes We make estimates and judgments in determining the need for a provision for income taxes, including the estimation of our taxable income or
loss for each full fiscal year. We have accumulated significant deferred tax assets. Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any. We are uncertain about the timing and amount of any future earnings.
Accordingly, we offset these net deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. We may in the future determine that more of our deferred tax assets will likely be realized, in which case we will reduce our valuation allowance in the quarter in
which such determination is made. If the valuation allowance is reduced, we may recognize a benefit from income taxes in our statement of operations in that period. We classify interest recognized pursuant to our deferred tax assets as interest
expense, when appropriate. 47 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Recent Accounting Pronouncements We reviewed recently issued accounting pronouncements and plan to adopt those that are applicable to us. We do not expect the adoption of
these pronouncements to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 3. Collaboration Agreements King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. In November 2005, we and King announced a strategic alliance to develop and commercialize REMOXY and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. King made an upfront cash payment of $150.0 million to us at
the closing of this strategic alliance in December 2005, of which we recorded as program fee revenue $14.3 million in 2009 and 2008 and $23.2 million in 2007. The strategic alliance provides for us to receive from King up to $150.0 million in
milestone payments in the course of clinical development of REMOXY and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers, of which we received $5.0 million in milestone revenue in 2006 and $20.0 million in 2008. In addition, subject to certain limitations,
King is obligated to fund development expenses incurred by us pursuant to the collaboration agreement, of which we recorded as collaboration revenue $6.2 million in 2009, $29.4 million in 2008 and $42.7 million in 2007. King is obligated to fund the
commercialization expenses of, and has the exclusive right to market and sell, drugs developed in connection with the strategic alliance. King is obligated to pay us a 20% royalty on net sales of drugs developed in connection with the strategic
alliance, except as to the first $1.0 billion in net sales of such drugs, for which the royalty is set at 15%. Durect Corporation We have an exclusive, worldwide licensing agreement with Durect Corporation to use a patented technology that forms
the basis for a number of oral gel-cap drug candidates, including REMOXY. We have sub-licensed to King certain rights to develop and to commercialize REMOXY and certain other opioid drugs formulated in part with technology we licensed from Durect.
Under the agreement with Durect, we control all of the preclinical, clinical, commercial manufacturing and sales/marketing activities for REMOXY and other abuse-resistant opioid painkillers. We reimburse Durect for formulation and related work, and
will make milestone payments based on the achievement of certain technical, clinical or regulatory milestones. We also are responsible to pay Durect royalties on any related drug sales. King is obligated to reimburse us for costs we incur under the
agreement with Durect, including royalties. 48 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) 4. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held as available-for-sale consisted of the following (in thousands): Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Amortized Cost | Unrealized Gains | Unrealized Losses | Estimated Fair Value | Accrued Interest | Total Value
December 31, 2009
Cash, cash equivalents and money market securities | $ | 35,790 | $ | 3 | $ | — | $ | 35,793 | $ | 1 | $ | 35,794
Certificates of deposit | 30,003 | — | — | 30,003 | 159 | 30,162
Corporate securities | 108,452 | 355 | (11 | ) | 108,796 | 1,007 | 109,803
$ | 174,245 | $ | 358 | $ | (11 | ) | $ | 174,592 | $ | 1,167 | $ | 175,759
Reported as:
Cash, cash equivalents and money market securities | $ | 35,790 | $ | 3 | $ | — | $ | 35,793 | $ | 1 | $ | 35,794
Marketable Securities | 138,455 | 355 | (11 | ) | 138,799 | 1,166 | 139,965
$ | 174,245 | $ | 358 | $ | (11 | ) | $ | 174,592 | $ | 1,167 | $ | 175,759
Maturities:
Matures in one year or less | $ | 114,377 | $ | 116 | $ | — | $ | 114,493 | 385 | $ | 114,878
Matures one to three years | 59,868 | 242 | (11 | ) | 60,099 | 782 | 60,881
$ | 174,245 | $ | 358 | $ | (11 | ) | $ | 174,592 | $ | 1,167 | $ | 175,759
December 31, 2008
Cash, cash equivalents and money market securities | $ | 153,060 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 153,060 | $ | 98 | $ | 153,158
U.S. government obligations | 8,016 | 233 | — | 8,249 | 79 | 8,328
Corporate obligations | 25,348 | 98 | (1 | ) | 25,445 | 540 | 25,985
Asset-backed securities | 2,624 | — | (5 | ) | 2,619 | 5 | 2,624
$ | 189,048 | $ | 331 | $ | (6 | ) | $ | 189,373 | $ | 722 | $ | 190,095
Reported as:
Cash, cash equivalents and money market securities | $ | 153,060 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 153,060 | $ | 98 | $ | 153,158
Marketable Securities | 35,988 | 331 | (6 | ) | 36,313 | 624 | 36,937
$ | 189,048 | $ | 331 | $ | (6 | ) | $ | 189,373 | $ | 722 | $ | 190,095
Maturities:
Matures in one year or less | $ | 189,048 | $ | 331 | $ | (6 | ) | $ | 189,373 | $ | 722 | $ | 190,095
Matures one to three years | — | — | — | — | — | —
$ | 189,048 | $ | 331 | $ | (6 | ) | $ | 189,373 | $ | 722 | $ | 190,095 To date we have not recorded any impairment charges on
marketable securities related to other-than-temporary declines in market value. We would recognize an impairment charge when the decline in the estimated fair value of a marketable security below the amortized cost is determined to be
other-than-temporary. We consider various factors in determining whether to recognize an impairment charge, including the duration of 49 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) time and the severity to which the fair value has been less than our amortized cost, any adverse changes in the investees’ financial condition and our intent and ability to hold the
marketable security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. Our assets
measured at fair value at December 31, 2009 were (in thousands): Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Cash, cash equivalents and money market securities | $ | 35,794 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 35,794
Corporate securities | — | 109,803 | — | 109,803
Certificates of deposit | 30,162 | — | — | 30,162
$ | 65,956 | $ | 109,803 | $ | — | $ | 175,759 5. Property and Equipment Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2009 | 2008
Furniture, fixtures and equipment | $ | 672 | $ | 672
Leasehold improvement | 658 | 658
1,330 | 1,330
Accumulated depreciation and amortization | (813 | ) | (556 | )
$ | 517 | $ | 774 In 2008, we wrote-off our property, equipment and leasehold improvements and related accumulated
depreciation and amortization related to our lease of office space in South San Francisco because we no longer use that office space. Depreciation and amortization expenses were $0.3 million in 2009, $0.5 million in 2008 and $0.4 million in 2007. 6. Stockholders’ Equity and Stock-Based Compensation Preferred Stock Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue
preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of the series. We have a stockholder rights plan designed to guard against partial tender offers and other coercive tactics to gain control of the Company
without offering a fair and adequate price and terms to all of the Company’s stockholders. Pursuant to the stockholder rights plan, our Board of Directors declared and paid a dividend of one right to purchase one one-thousandth share of our
Series A Participating Preferred Stock for each outstanding share of our common stock. Each of these rights entitles the registered holder to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Preferred at an exercise price of $40.00,
subject to adjustment at any time. Stock-Based Compensation Stock based compensation for the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan was $6.7 million in 2009, $10.2 million in
2008 and $6.3 million in 2007. Given our current estimates of future 50 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) forfeitures, we expect to recognize the compensation cost related to non-vested options as of December 31, 2009 of $10.8 million over the weighted average remaining recognition period of 2.5
years. If certain performance based awards vest, we would recognize an additional $13.8 million over the remaining recognition period of 2.5 years. 2008 Equity Incentive Plan Under our 2008 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2008 Equity Plan, our employees,
directors and consultants may be granted options that allow for the purchase of shares of our common stock. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees. Through December 31, 2009 a total of 22,600,000 shares of common stock were
authorized for issuance under these plans. The 2008 Equity Plan terminates in 2018. Our Board of Directors or a designated
Committee of the Board is responsible for administration of the 2008 Equity Plan and determines the terms and conditions of each option granted, consistent with the terms of the plan. Incentive stock options may be granted at a price not less than
100% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant (not less than 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant in the case of holders of more than 10% of our voting stock). Options generally expire ten years from the date of grant
(five years for incentive stock options granted to holders of more than 10% of our voting stock). Forfeited options become available for reissuance. The 2008 Equity Plan also provides for the automatic grant of options to purchase shares of common stock to outside directors. On the date of each annual stockholders’ meeting, each outside director
is automatically granted an option to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock. The term of the option is ten years, the exercise price is 100% of the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant, and the option becomes exercisable as to 25% of
the shares on the anniversary of its date of grant provided the optionee continues to serve as a director on such dates. 51 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Our stock option activity for 2009, 2008 and 2007 was: Number of Options | Weighted Average Exercise Price | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term | Aggregate Intrinsic Value
In years | In millions
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2006 | 8,212,985 | $ | 7.12
Granted | 2,263,400 | $ | 9.01
Exercised | (400,442 | ) | $ | 5.70
Forfeited | (78,197 | ) | $ | 8.06
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2007 | 9,997,746 | $ | 7.60 | 6.93 | $ | 30.9
Granted | 1,835,600 | $ | 7.37
Exercised | (284,308 | ) | $ | 6.44
Forfeited | (91,223 | ) | $ | 8.64
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2008 | 11,457,815 | $ | 7.58 | 6.52 | $ | 1.8
Granted | 1,339,100 | $ | 4.54
Exercised | (194,311 | ) | $ | 2.25
Forfeited | (1,005,316 | ) | $ | 8.09
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2009 | 11,597,288 | $ | 7.28 | 5.95 | $ | 1.5
Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2009 | 11,431,515 | $ | 7.30 | 5.91 | $ | 1.4
Exercisable at December 31, 2009 | 8,348,605 | $ | 7.48 | 4.93 | $ | 0.4 The pre-tax intrinsic value of options exercised was approximately $0.6 million in 2009, $4.1
million in 2008 and $1.6 million in 2007, calculated by multiplying options exercised each year by the difference between our stock price on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the options. Shares reserved for issuance and available for
grant under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan were 5.3 million as of December 31, 2009 and 5.9 million as of December 31, 2008. The following summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2009: Options outstanding | Options exercisable
Range of exercise prices | Number of options | Weighted average remaining contractual life (in years) | Weighted average exercise price | Number of vested options | Weighted average exercise price
$ 1.80—$ 5.25 | 2,393,484 | 7.65 | $ | 4.76 | 1,162,919 | $ | 4.96
$ 5.34—$ 6.90 | 1,970,939 | 3.60 | $ | 6.57 | 1,806,012 | $ | 6.59
$ 6.92—$ 7.51 | 2,223,720 | 6.28 | $ | 7.36 | 1,473,251 | $ | 7.28
$ 7.61—$ 8.25 | 2,638,945 | 6.10 | $ | 8.05 | 2,024,719 | $ | 8.00
$ 8.35—$10.53 | 2,225,200 | 6.04 | $ | 9.01 | 1,736,704 | $ | 8.88
$14.13—$18.63 | 145,000 | 0.83 | $ | 16.45 | 145,000 | $ | 16.45
$ 1.80—$18.63 | 11,597,288 | 5.95 | $ | 7.27 | 8,348,605 | $ | 7.48 52 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Determining the Fair Value of Options We use Black-Scholes to estimate the fair value of options granted. Black-Scholes considers a number of factors, including the market price
and volatility of our common stock. We used the following forward-looking range of assumptions to value each stock option granted to employees and directors during 2009, 2008 and 2007: 2009 | 2008 | 2007
Volatility | 50% to 53% | 48% to 54% | 60% to 67%
Risk-free interest rates | 2% to 3% | 2% to 4% | 4% to 5%
Expected life of option | 5 - 6 years | 5 years | 5 years
Dividend yield | — | — | — Our
volatility assumption is based on reviews of the historical volatility of our common stock. Our risk-free interest rate assumption is based on yields of US treasury notes in effect at the date of grant. Our expected life of options granted
assumption is based on actual historical option exercises. Our dividend yield assumption is based on the fact that we have never paid cash dividends and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Using Black-Scholes and these
factors, the weighted average fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors was $4.54 for 2009, $7.37 for 2008 and $5.16 for 2007. We used an expected forfeiture rate of 4% to 5% in 2009 and 5% in 2007 and 2008. We base our
estimated expected forfeiture rate on historical cancellations of options. We estimate the fair value of stock options
granted to non-employees using forward-looking assumptions similar to those used for stock options granted to employees and directors and appropriate for the terms underlying the stock options granted to non-employees. We re-measure the compensation
expense for options granted to non-employees over the related vesting period. Performance Awards We granted performance awards in 2009 for 0.3 million shares valued at $1.2 million. As of December 31, 2009, 0.1 million
shares of these awards valued at $4.40 per share vested and we recognized related stock-based compensation expense of $0.2 million in research and development expenses and $0.3 million in general and administrative expenses. In 2008, we granted performance awards for 2.0 million shares valued at $17.1 million. In 2008, 0.4 million of these performance
awards vested. We recognized related stock-based compensation expense of $1.7 million in research and development expenses and $1.6 million in general and administrative expenses. If the remaining 1.6 million shares of performance awards do not
vest within four years of the date of grant, the awards expire and the underlying shares are returned to the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the Purchase Plan,
eligible employees may purchase common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of the employee’s compensation. The purchase price of the stock is generally 85% of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock at the beginning of
the offering period or at the end of the purchase period. A total of 750,000 shares of common stock was reserved for issuance under the Purchase Plan. We have issued 533,795 shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan through
December 31, 2009, leaving 216,205 shares reserved for issuance. The weighted-average fair value of purchase rights
granted was $3.77 in 2009, $6.31 in 2008 and $6.62 in 2007. We calculated this value using Black-Scholes with an expected life of 1 year each year with no dividend 53 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) yield. We assumed volatility was 61% to 72% in 2009, 40% to 49% in 2008 and 34% in 2007. We used risk free interest rates of 1% in 2009, 1% to 2% in 2008 and 5% in 2007. In December 2009, our Board of Directors approved the Amended and Restated 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to continue the Purchase Plan,
under substantially the same terms and conditions of the expiring Purchase Plan except the 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan does not include a provision to automatically increase the shares available to be issued. The effectiveness of the Amended
and Restated 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan is subject to stockholder approval. Stock Repurchase Program We repurchased $30.0 million of our common stock during 2008 and 2007. We used the par value method of accounting for our stock repurchases.
The excess of the cost of the shares acquired over the par value is allocated to additional paid-in capital based on the weighted average sales price per issued share with the remainder charged to accumulated deficit. Warrants As of
December 31, 2009, we have no outstanding exercisable warrants. 7. Employee 401(k) Benefit Plan We have a defined-contribution savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers substantially all
employees. Employees are eligible to participate in the plan the first day of the month after hire and may contribute up to the current statutory limits under Internal Revenue Service regulations. The 401(k) plan permits us to make additional
matching contributions on behalf of all employees. Through December 31, 2009, we have not made any matching contributions. 8. Income
Taxes We did not provide for income taxes in 2009 because we did not have taxable income in 2009. We plan to elect to
carryback part of our federal tax loss for 2009 against all federal taxes paid for 2008 and a portion of federal taxes paid for 2006. We expect this election will result in a combined federal tax refund in 2010 of $1.6 million. Our benefit from
income taxes of $1.5 million for 2009 results primarily from this election. All of our benefit from income taxes is federal. All of our net income is domestic. We had taxable income for 2008 primarily due to the combination of milestone payments we received from King and interest income. We reduced our tax for 2008 with a combination of net operating losses and
tax credits earned from prior years. We did not provide for income taxes in 2007 because as there was no taxable income in
2007. Program fee revenues included in our income statement for 2007, 2008 and 2009 are excluded from our taxable income for those years. This exclusion combined with other differences between our income before income taxes and our taxable income
results in no taxable income for 2007. 54 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) A reconciliation between our benefit from income taxes and the amounts computed by
multiplying income (loss) before taxes by the U.S. statutory tax rate follows (in thousands): 2009 | 2008
Tax at United States statutory tax rate of 34% | $ | (1,692 | ) | $ | 4,968
State taxes | 8 | 180
Research credits | (373 | ) | (415 | )
Equity-based compensation | 794 | 579
Change in valuation allowance | (288 | ) | (5,935 | )
Other | 41 | 6
Benefits for income taxes | $ | (1,510 | ) | $ | (617 | ) Unrecognized tax benefits We have unrecognized tax benefits related primarily to tax credits. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of liability recorded
for 2009, 2008 and 2007 follows (in thousands): 2009 | 2008 | 2007
Beginning Balance | $ | 4,200 | $ | 3,800 | $ | 3,500
Additions based on tax positions related to the current year | 400 | 400 | 300
Ending Balance | $ | 4,600 | $ | 4,200 | $ | 3,800 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefit that, if recognized, would benefit our
effective tax rate, is $67 thousand. Because of net operating loss and research credit carryforwards, all of our tax years, from 1998 through 2009, remain open to U.S. federal and California state tax examinations. We classify interest and penalties recognized pursuant to our certain of our tax positions as interest expense. Our related interest expense
was immaterial for 2009, 2008 and 2007. Deferred tax assets and valuation allowance Deferred tax assets reflect the tax effects of net operating loss and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets are as follows (in thousands): December 31,
2009 | 2008 | 2007
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards | $ | 6,000 | $ | 100 | $ | 900
Deferred license fee revenue | 27,100 | 32,900 | 39,400
Research & development credits | 3,200 | 3,400 | 3,700
Stock-related compensation | 7,300 | 5,700 | 4,000
Other | 800 | 1,400 | 1,600
Total deferred tax assets | 44,400 | 43,500 | 49,600
Valuation allowance | (41,600 | ) | (41,600 | ) | (49,100 | )
Net deferred tax assets | $ | 2,800 | $ | 1,900 | $ | 500 55 Table of Contents PAIN THERAPEUTICS, INC. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued) Except for deferred tax assets related to the carryback of our tax loss for 2009 to both
2006 and 2008 and certain of our research and development credits, realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings. We are uncertain about the timing and amount of any future earnings. Accordingly, these deferred tax assets have
been offset by a valuation allowance. The federal portion of our net pre-tax operating loss carryforwards of $14.9 million
expires in 2029. We plan to carryback $12.1 million of our pre-tax federal net operating loss carryforwards to 2006 and 2008. The state portion of our net operating loss carryforwards of $16.1 million expires in 2017 and 2019. Approximately $0.3 million of the valuation allowance at December 31, 2009 relates to the tax benefits associated with stock option
transactions where tax deductions exceeded related expenses in our financial statements. This amount will be credited to additional paid-in capital when realized in a reduction to income taxes payable. The valuation allowance did not change
materially in 2009 and decreased by $7.5 million in 2008 and $8.2 million in 2007. As of December 31, 2009, we had
federal research and development tax credits of approximately $5.9 million, which expire in the years 2023 through 2029 and state research and development tax credits of approximately $1.5 million. 9. Leases and Commitments We conduct our product research and development programs through a combination of internal and collaborative programs that include, among others, arrangements with universities, contract research organizations and clinical research sites.
We have contractual arrangements with these organizations, however these contracts are cancelable on thirty days notice and our obligations under these contracts are largely based on services performed. We currently lease approximately 41,200 square feet of office space pursuant to non-cancelable operating leases that will expire in 2010 and
2012. Future minimum lease payments for our leases are as follows for the years ended December 31, (in thousands): 2010 | 2011 | 2012 | Total
Future minimum lease payments | $ | 713 | $ | 570 | $ | 339 | $ | 1,622 Rent expense was $0.7 million for 2009, $0.7 million for 2008 and $0.5 million for
2007. 10. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) (in thousands except per share data) Quarters Ended
March 31 | June 30 | September 30 | December 31
2009
Total revenue | $ | 6,835 | $ | 6,236 | $ | 3,763 | $ | 3,729
Net loss | $ | (1,824 | ) | $ | (34 | ) | $ | (1,312 | ) | $ | (297 | )
Basic loss per share | $ | (0.04 | ) | $ | — | $ | (0.03 | ) | $ | (0.01 | )
Diluted income loss per share | $ | (0.04 | ) | $ | — | $ | (0.03 | ) | $ | (0.01 | )
2008
Total revenue | $ | 14,639 | $ | 10,547 | $ | 30,294 | $ | 8,245
Net income (loss) | $ | 2,570 | $ | (1,025 | ) | $ | 15,191 | $ | (1,389 | )
Basic income (loss) per share | $ | 0.06 | $ | (0.02 | ) | $ | 0.37 | $ | 0.03
Diluted income (loss) per share | $ | 0.06 | $ | (0.02 | ) | $ | 0.35 | $ | 0.03 11. Subsequent Events We have evaluated subsequent events through February 1, 2010, the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 56 Table of Contents Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures are effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. Management’s annual report on internal control over financial
reporting. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. We have assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. Our assessment
was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) | pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) | provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and board of directors; and (3) | provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Based on using the COSO criteria, we believe our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009 was effective. Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There was
no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2009 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has audited the financial statements included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The attestation report of Ernst & Young LLP is included below. 57 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders Pain
Therapeutics, Inc. We have audited Pain Therapeutics, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Pain Therapeutics, Inc.’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Pain Therapeutics, Inc. maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on the COSO criteria. ERNST & YOUNG LLP Palo Alto, California February 1, 2010 58 Table of Contents Item 9B. | Other Information None. PART III Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information regarding our directors, executive officers and the audit committee of our board of directors is incorporated by reference
from “Directors and Executive Officers” in our Proxy Statement for our 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended requires
our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than ten percent (10%) of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.
Executive officers, directors and greater than ten percent (10%) stockholders are required by Commission regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. We believe all of our executive officers and directors
complied with all applicable filing requirements during 2009. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. We publicize the Code of Ethics through posting the policy on our website, http://www.paintrials.com. We will disclose on our website any waivers of, or amendments to, our Code of Ethics. Item 11. | Executive Compensation The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “Executive Compensation and
Other Matters.” Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this Item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference
from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.” The following table summarizes the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2009: Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights | Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights | Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders | 13,342,288 | $ | 7.28 | 5,480,906
Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders | — | — | —
Total | 13,342,288 | $ | 7.28 | 5,480,906 59 Table of Contents Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above
where it appears under the heading “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.” Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement referred to in Item 10 above where it appears under the heading “Principal Accountant Fees
and Services.” PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) | Financial Statements (included in Part II of this report): Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets Statements of Operations Statement of Stockholders’ Equity Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Financial Statements (2) | Financial Statement Schedules: All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. (3) | Exhibits: Exhibit Number | Description of Document
3.1(1) | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2(2) | Amended and Restated Bylaws.
4.1(1) | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.2(3) | Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2005, between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, including the Certificate of Designation, the form of Rights Certificate and Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A, B and C, respectively.
10.1(4) | Form of Indemnification Agreement between Pain Therapeutics and each of its directors and officers.
10.2(4) | 1998 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.3(4) | 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.4(5) | Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2001, between Registrant and Nadav Friedmann, PhD. M.D.
10.5(6) | Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2000 between Registrant and Goss-Jewett Company of Northern California.
10.6(7) | Collaboration Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.7(7) | License Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 60 Table of Contents Exhibit Number | Description of Document
10.8(7) | Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.9(7) | Amendment dated December 15, 2005 to Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.10(8) | Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2007, between Registrant and Oracle USA, Inc.
10.11(9) | 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.12(10) | Employment Agreement dated July 1, 1998 and amended December 17, 2008 between Registrant and Remi Barbier.
10.13(10) | Employment Agreement dated August 29, 2000 and amended December 30, 2008 between Registrant and Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D.
10.14(10) | Employment Agreement dated November 18, 2002 and amended December 30, 2008 between Registrant and Peter S. Roddy.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (see page 62).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2005. (2) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2005. (3) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2005. (4) | Incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1, registration number 333-32370, declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13, 2000. (5) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2001. (6) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2000. (7) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005. (8) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2007. (9) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2008. (10) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2008. (b) | Exhibits The exhibits
listed under Item 15(a)(3) hereof are filed as part of this Form 10-K other than Exhibit 32.1, which shall be deemed furnished. (c) | Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. 61 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. P AIN T HERAPEUTICS , I NC .
By: | /s/ R EMI B ARBIER
Remi Barbier
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Dated: February 1, 2010 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person
whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Remi Barbier and Peter S. Roddy, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their
substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ R EMI B ARBIER Remi Barbier | President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) | February 1, 2010
/s/ P ETER S. R ODDY Peter S. Roddy | Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) | February 1, 2010
/s/ N ADAV F RIEDMANN , P H .D., M.D. Nadav Friedmann, Ph.D., M.D. | Chief Operating and Medical Officer and Director | February 1, 2010
/s/ P ATRICK S CANNON , M.D, P H .D. Patrick Scannon, M.D., Ph.D. | Director | February 1, 2010
/s/ R OBERT Z. G USSIN , P H .D. Robert Z. Gussin, Ph.D. | Director | February 1, 2010
/s/ M ICHAEL J. O’D ONNELL , E SQ . Michael J. O’Donnell, Esq. | Director and Secretary | February 1, 2010
/s/ S ANFORD R. R OBERTSON Sanford R. Robertson | Director | February 1, 2010 62 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number | Description of Document
3.1(1) | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.2(2) | Amended and Restated Bylaws.
4.1(1) | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.2(3) | Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of April 28, 2005, between the Company and Mellon Investor Services LLC, including the Certificate of Designation, the form of Rights Certificate and Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A, B and C, respectively.
10.1(4) | Form of Indemnification Agreement between Pain Therapeutics and each of its directors and officers.
10.2(4) | 1998 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.3(4) | 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.4(5) | Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2001, between Registrant and Nadav Friedmann, PhD. M.D.
10.5(6) | Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2000 between Registrant and Goss-Jewett Company of Northern California.
10.6(7) | Collaboration Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.7(7) | License Agreement dated November 9, 2005, between Registrant and King Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
10.8(7) | Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.9(7) | Amendment dated December 15, 2005 to Development and License Agreement dated December 19, 2002 between Registrant and DURECT Corporation and Southern Biosystems, Inc.
10.10(8) | Sublease Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2007, between Registrant and Oracle USA, Inc.
10.11(9) | 2008 Equity Incentive Plan and form of agreements thereunder.
10.12(10) | Employment Agreement dated July 1, 1998 and amended December 17, 2008 between Registrant and Remi Barbier.
10.13(10) | Employment Agreement dated August 29, 2000 and amended December 30, 2008 between Registrant and Grant L. Schoenhard, Ph.D.
10.14(10) | Employment Agreement dated November 18, 2002 and amended December 30, 2008 between Registrant and Peter S. Roddy.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (see page 62).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2005. (2) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2005. 63 Table of Contents (3) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2005. (4) | Incorporated by reference from our registration statement on Form S-1, registration number 333-32370, declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 13, 2000. (5) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2001. (6) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2000. (7) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2005. (8) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2007. (9) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 29, 2008. (10) | Incorporated by reference from exhibits to our report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2008. 64