8-K 1 ea135768-8k_interprivateacq.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): February 17, 2021 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified
in its Charter) Delaware | 001-39204 | 84-3080757
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission file number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1350 Avenue
of the Americas New York, NY
10019 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code: (212) 920-0125 Not Applicable (Former Name, or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | IPV.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | IPV | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | IPV WS | The New York Stock Exchange Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☒ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging
growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 | Regulation FD. Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current
Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is an updated investor presentation relating to the previously announced
Proposed Transactions (defined below), originally furnished on November 2, 2020. Attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is a press release issued on February
17, 2021 by Aeva, Inc. announcing a webcast for investors to be held on February 18, 2021 at 11:00 a.m. EST. The foregoing exhibits and the information
set forth therein shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act. Additional Information and Where to
Find It This Current Report on Form 8-K relates
to the previously announced Business Combination Agreement (the “BCA”), dated as of November 2, 2020, among Aeva, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (“Aeva”), InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. (“InterPrivate”) and WLLY Merger Sub Corp.,
a Delaware corporation (“Merger Sub”) and wholly-owned direct subsidiary of InterPrivate (the “Merger”
and, together with the other transactions related thereto, the “Proposed Transaction”). In connection with the Proposed
Transaction, InterPrivate filed a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-251106) (as amended, the “Registration
Statement”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), which included a proxy statement and a prospectus
of InterPrivate, and a consent solicitation statement of Aeva. The Registration Statement is now effective and the definitive proxy
statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement is being sent to all InterPrivate and Aeva stockholders. InterPrivate also
will file other documents regarding the Proposed Transaction with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors and security
holders of InterPrivate and Aeva are urged to read the Registration Statement, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation statement and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the Proposed
Transaction as they become available because they will contain important information about the Proposed Transaction. Investors and security holders may obtain
free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement and all other relevant documents filed or that will
be filed with the SEC by InterPrivate through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, the documents filed
by InterPrivate may be obtained free of charge from InterPrivate’s website at https://ipvspac.com/sec-filings/ or by written
request to InterPrivate at InterPrivate Acquisition Corp., 1350 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. Participants in Solicitation InterPrivate and Aeva and their respective
directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from InterPrivate’s stockholders
in connection with the Proposed Transaction. Information regarding the interests of those persons and other persons who may be
deemed participants in the Proposed Transaction may be obtained by reading the proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation
statement regarding the Proposed Transaction. You may obtain a free copy of these documents as described in the preceding paragraph. 1 Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the Proposed Transaction between
Aeva and InterPrivate. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,”
“expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,”
“opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,”
“will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking
statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions
and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from
the forward-looking statements in this document, including, but not limited to: (i) the risk that the transaction may not be completed
in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of InterPrivate’s securities, (ii) the risk that the transaction
may not be completed by InterPrivate’s business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of
the business combination deadline if sought by InterPrivate, (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of
the transaction, including the adoption of the BCA by the stockholders of InterPrivate and Aeva, the satisfaction of the minimum
trust account amount following redemptions by InterPrivate’s public stockholders and the receipt of certain governmental
and regulatory approvals, (iv) the lack of a third party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the Proposed Transaction,
(v) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the BCA, (vi) the effect
of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on Aeva’s business relationships, performance, and business generally,
(vii) risks that the Proposed Transaction disrupts current plans of Aeva and potential difficulties in Aeva employee retention
as a result of the Proposed Transaction, (viii) the outcome of legal proceedings instituted against Aeva or InterPrivate related
to the BCA or the Proposed Transaction, (ix) the ability to maintain the listing of InterPrivate’s securities on the New
York Stock Exchange, (x) the price of InterPrivate’s securities may be volatile due to a variety of factors, including changes
in the competitive and highly regulated industries in which Aeva plans to operate, variations in performance across competitors,
changes in laws and regulations affecting Aeva’s business and changes in the combined capital structure, (xi) the ability
to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations after the completion of the Proposed Transaction, and identify and
realize additional opportunities, (xii) the risk of downturns and the possibility of rapid change in the highly competitive industry
in which Aeva operates, (xiii) the risk that Aeva and its current and future collaborators are unable to successfully develop and
commercialize Aeva’s products or services, or experience significant delays in doing so, (xiv) the risk that Aeva may never
achieve or sustain profitability, (xv) the risk that Aeva will need to raise additional capital to execute its business plan, which
many not be available on acceptable terms or at all, (xvi) the risk that the post-combination company experiences difficulties
in managing its growth and expanding operations, (xvii) the risk that third-parties suppliers and manufacturers are not able to
fully and timely meet their obligations, (xviii) the risk of product liability or regulatory lawsuits or proceedings relating to
Aeva’s products and services, and (xix) the risk that Aeva is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property and (xx)
the risk that the post-combination company’s securities will not be approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange or
if approved, maintain the listing. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing
factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors” section of InterPrivate’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, the Registration Statement and proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation
statement discussed above and other documents filed by InterPrivate from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and
address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained
in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not
to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Aeva and InterPrivate assume no obligation and do not intend to update
or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither Aeva nor
InterPrivate gives any assurance that either Aeva or InterPrivate will achieve its expectations. 2 No Offer or Solicitation This Current Report on Form 8-K is not a
proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Proposed
Transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of InterPrivate, Aeva
or Merger Sub, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation,
or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer
of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, or exemptions
therefrom. Item 8.01 | Other Events. The disclosure set forth above in Item 7.01
of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference herein. Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits. 99.1 | Form of Investor Presentation.
99.2 | Press release, dated February 17, 2021. 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.
Date: February 17, 2021 | By: | /s/ Brandon Bentley
Name: | Brandon Bentley
Title: | General Counsel 4