10-Q 1 f10q0320_interprivateacq.htm QUARTERLY REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (MARK ONE) x QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarter ended March 31, 2020 ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: 001-39204 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.
(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware | 84-3080757
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1350 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10019 (Address of principal executive offices) (212) 647-0166 (Issuer’s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | IPV.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | IPV | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | IPV WS | The New York Stock Exchange Check
whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”,
“smaller reporting company”, and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As
of May 12, 2020, 31,055,500 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH
31, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
Part I. Financial Information
Item 1. Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheets | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations (Unaudited) | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Unaudited) | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (Unaudited) | 4
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 15
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk | 17
Item 4. Controls and Procedures | 17
Part II. Other Information
Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 18
Item 6. Exhibits | 19
Part III. Signatures | 20 i PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, 2020 | December 31, 2019
(unaudited)
ASSETS | ​
Current asset
Cash | $ | 716,123 | $ | —
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 105,542 | 25
Total Current Assets | 821,665 | 25
Deferred offering costs | — | 106,870
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 243,189,871 | —
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 244,011,536 | $ | 106,895
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | ​
Current liabilities | ​
Accrued expenses | $ | 65,718 | $ | 1,000
Income taxes payable | 79,268 | —
Promissory note – related party | — | 80,808
Total Current Liabilities | 144,986 | 81,808
Deferred tax liability | 246,467 | —
Total Liabilities | 391,453 | 81,808
Commitments | ​
Common stock subject to possible redemption 23,707,833 shares at redemption value at March 31, 2020 | 238,620,078 | —
Stockholders’ Equity | ​
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 7,347,667 and 6,337,500 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,707,833 and no shares subject to possible redemption) at March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively (1) | 735 | 634
Additional paid-in capital | 3,774,888 | 25,453
Retained earnings/(Accumulated deficit) | 1,224,382 | (1,000 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,005 | 25,087
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 244,011,536 | $ | 106,895 (1) | At December 31, 2019, included up to 787,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020 (UNAUDITED) Operating costs | $ | 138,754
Loss from operations | (138,754 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 516,220
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1,173,651
Other income | 1,689,871
Income before provision for income taxes | 1,551,117
Provision for income taxes | (325,735 | )
Net income | $ | 1,225,382
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 6,780,707
Basic and diluted net loss per common share (2) | $ | (0.01 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of 23,707,833 shares subject to possible redemption.
(2) | Excludes interest income of $1,299,168 attributable to shares subject to possible redemption for the three months ended March 31, 2020 (see Note 2). The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020 (UNAUDITED) Common Stock | Additional Paid | (Accumulated Deficit) / Retained | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | in Capital | Earnings | Equity
Balance – January 1, 2020 | 6,337,500 | $ | 634 | $ | 25,453 | $ | (1,000 | ) | $ | 25,087
Forfeiture of Representative Shares | (50,000 | ) | (5 | ) | 5 | — | —
Sale of 24,150,000 Units, net of underwriting discount and offering expenses | 24,150,000 | 2,415 | 236,187,199 | — | 236,189,614
Sale of 618,000 Private Units | 618,000 | 61 | 6,179,939 | — | 6,180,000
Common stock subject to possible redemption | (23,707,833 | ) | (2,370 | ) | (238,617,708 | ) | — | (238,620,078 | )
Net income | — | — | — | 1,225,382 | 1,225,382
Balance – March 31, 2020 | 7,347,667 | $ | 735 | $ | 3,774,888 | $ | 1,224,382 | $ | 5,000,005 The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2020 (UNAUDITED) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income | $ | 1,225,382
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (516,220 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (1,173,651 | )
Deferred tax provision | 246,467
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | (105,517 | )
Accrued expenses | 64,718
Income taxes payable | 79,268
Net cash used in operating activities | (179,553 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (241,500,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (241,500,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 236,670,000
Proceeds from sale of Private Units | 6,180,000
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 43,340
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (124,148 | )
Payment of offering costs | (373,516 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 242,395,676
Net Change in Cash | 716,123
Cash – Beginning of period | —
Cash – End of period | $ | 716,123
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 237,394,700
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | (1,225,378 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part
of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”)
was incorporated in Delaware on August 16, 2019. The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a
merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of March 31, 2020, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity through March 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering
(“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The
Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration statements for the Company’s
Initial Public Offering were declared effective on February 3, 2020. On February 6, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public
Offering of 21,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units sold,
the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 555,000 units (the “Private Units”) at a price of $10.00
per Private Unit in a private placement to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (the “Sponsor”) and EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”), generating gross proceeds of $5,550,000, which is described in Note 4. Following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering on February 6, 2020, an amount of $210,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the
Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) located
in the United States, which will be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. On February 7, 2020, the underwriters notified
the Company of their intention to fully exercise their over-allotment option on February 10, 2020. As such, on February 10, 2020,
the Company consummated the sale of an additional 3,150,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, and the sale of an additional 63,000 Private
Units, at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $32,130,000. A total of $31,500,000 of the net proceeds was
deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to $241,500,000. Transaction costs amounted to $5,310,386
consisting of $4,830,000 of underwriting fees and $480,386 of other offering costs. In addition, $867,876 of cash was held outside
of the Trust Account and was available for working capital purposes. The Company’s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete
a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding
taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business Combination.
The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 5 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) The Company will provide its holders of
the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public stockholders
will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account ($10.00 per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay
its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s
warrants. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 immediately
prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the
shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with
the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business
Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the Company’s Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5),
Representative Shares (as defined in Note 7), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased after the Initial
Public Offering (a) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction or don’t vote at all. The Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed
(a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Representative Shares, Private Shares and Public Shares
held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination or amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, (b) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares,
Representative Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination and (c) not to propose an amendment
to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect a public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell
their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s
obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination unless the Company provides
the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until November 6, 2021
to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period (and the Company’s stockholders do not approve an amendment to the Company’s amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to extend such period), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In order to protect the amounts held in
the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a
transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per Public Share, except as to any claims
by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity
of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Insiders will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will
seek to reduce the possibility that the Insiders will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute
agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 6 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”)
for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the
SEC. Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have
been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they
do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations,
or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments,
consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results
and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019
as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020, which contains the audited financial statements and notes thereto. The financial information
as of December 31, 2019 is derived from the audited financial statements presented in the Company’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. The interim results for the three months ended March 31, 2020 are not necessarily indicative
of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2020 or for any future interim periods. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth
company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with
the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial statement with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of the condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents
as of March 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. 7 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) Marketable Securities Held in Trust
Account At March 31, 2020, substantially all of
the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption The Company accounts for its common stock
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480
“Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption
rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely
within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’
equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s
control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented
at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s condensed balance
sheets. Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing
assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included
the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax
expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of March 31, 2020 and December
31, 2019. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or
material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. On March 27, 2020, President Trump signed
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES Act includes several significant
business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain net operating losses (“NOL)
and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years, suspend the excess business loss
rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate alternative minimum tax credits, generally loosen the business interest
limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent to 50 percent among other technical corrections included in the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company is still evaluating the impact, if any, of the CARES
Act on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Net Loss per Common Share Net loss per common share is computed by
dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company applies the
two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Shares of common stock subject to possible redemption at March 31, 2020, which
are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per
common share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company
has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 12,384,000
shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the
occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for
the period presented. 8 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) Reconciliation of Net Loss per Common
Share The Company’s net income is adjusted
for the portion of income that is attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate
in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and diluted loss per common
share is calculated as follows: Three Months Ended March 31,
2020
Net income | $ | 1,225,382
Less: Income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption | (1,299,168 | )
Adjusted net loss | $ | (73,786 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted | 6,780,707
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.01 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at times may exceed
the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management
believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
condensed financial statements. NOTE 3. PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering,
the Company sold 24,150,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount
of 3,150,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant
(“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price
of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 9 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 555,000 Private Units at a price of $10.00
per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,550,000. As a result of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise
their over-allotment option on February 10, 2020, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an additional 63,000 Private Units
at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $630,000. The proceeds from the sale of the
Private Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. Each Private Unit consists
of one share of common stock (“Private Share”) and one-half of one warrant (“Private Warrant”). Each whole
Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust
Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the
Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law). NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares In August 2019, the Sponsor purchased 5,750,000
shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the Company’s common stock for an aggregate price of $25,000. On December 30,
2019, the Sponsor contributed an aggregate of 718,750 Founder Shares back to the Company’s capital for no additional consideration
and in February 2020, the Company effected a dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for each share of common stock outstanding,
resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,037,500 Founder Shares outstanding. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively
restated to reflect the stock dividend. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 787,500 shares subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the Sponsor
would collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the
Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Shares underlying the Private
Units and Representative Shares). The Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain
limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until, with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares,
the earlier of one year after the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of the common
stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and, with respect to the
remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, until the one year after the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either
case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property. Promissory Note — Related Party In September 2019, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the
Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $150,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of (i) September 1, 2020, (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the date on which the Company
determined not to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. At December 31, 2019, $80,808 was outstanding under the Promissory
Note. The outstanding amount of $124,148 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February 6, 2020. Related Party Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Insiders, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the
Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans.
Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist
with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without
interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of
the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. 10 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby,
commencing on the February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination and the liquidation
of the Trust Account, the Company will pay an affiliate of one of the Company’s executive officers $10,000 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company incurred
and paid $20,000 in fees for these services. Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby,
commencing on the February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination and the liquidation
of the Trust Account, the Company will pay its Vice President a $10,000 per month fee for assisting the Company in negotiating
and consummating an initial Business Combination. For the three months ended March 31, 2020, the Company incurred and paid $20,000
in fees for these services. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into on February 3, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares and Representative Shares, as well as the holders of the Private
Units and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (and all underlying securities),
are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that
the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founders Shares can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow.
The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued in payment of Working Capital Loans (or
underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates a Business Combination.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only during the five-year
period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided,
however, that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning
on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of $0.20 per Unit, or $4,830,000 in the aggregate. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital
as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss
the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors that
are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company in obtaining
shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings in connection
with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business
Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or $8,452,500 (exclusive of any applicable
finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33% of the fee may be allocated at the Company’s sole
discretion to other third parties who are investment banks or financial advisory firms not participating in the Initial Public
Offering that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. 11 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock — The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At March 31, 2020 and
December 31, 2019, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock — The
Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At March 31, 2020 and December
31, 2019, there were 7,347,667 and 6,337,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 23,707,833 and no shares
of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. Warrants — The Public
Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from
the closing of the Initial Public Offering. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current
registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of a Business
Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the
Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the
exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another
exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will
expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants become exercisable, the
Company may redeem the Public Warrants: ● | in whole and not in part;
● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
● | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and
● | if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants
for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a
“cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The Private Warrants will be identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the
shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same
basis as the Public Warrants. The exercise price and number of shares
of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock
dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not
be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally, in no event
will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any
of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside
of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 12 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) In addition, if (x) the Company issues
additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a
Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with such issue price
or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the case of any such
issuance to the sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by them
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s common stock during the 20 trading
day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination (such price, the
“Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent)
to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional shares
of common stock or equity-linked securities. Representative Shares In September 2019, the Company issued to
the designees of EarlyBirdCapital 250,000 shares of common stock (the “Representative Shares”) (after giving effect
to a contribution back to the Company’s capital for no additional consideration of an aggregate of 50,000 shares EarlyBirdCapital
received as a result of the dividend effectuated by the Company in February 2020). The Company accounted for the Representative
Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders’ equity. The Company
estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be $1,087 based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor.
The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a
Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to such shares in
connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The Representative Shares have been deemed
compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date
of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s NASD Conduct
Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put
or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration statements
related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public Offering
and their bona fide officers or partners. NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows the guidance in ASC
820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial
assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of the Company’s financial
assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with
the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize
the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal
assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify
assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 13 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2020 (Unaudited) The following table presents information
about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31, 2020, and indicates the fair
value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | March 31, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 243,189,871 NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and
transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the condensed financial statements were issued. Based
upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the
condensed financial statements. 14 Item 2. Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations References in this report (the “Quarterly
Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. References
to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the
“Sponsor” refer to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto
contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements This Quarterly Report includes “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are
not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected
and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation,
statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding
the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are
forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,”
“estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management’s current
beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer
to the Risk Factors section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”). The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website
at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware on August 16, 2019 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the
Private Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from August 16, 2019 (inception) through March 31, 2020 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a
Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination.
We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. For the three months ended March 31, 2020,
we had net income of $1,225,382, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $516,220
and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $1,173,651, offset by operating costs of $138,754
and a provision for income taxes of $325,735. Liquidity and Capital Resources On February 6, 2020, we consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 21,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 555,000 Private Units to our Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital,
generating gross proceeds of $5,550,000. On February 10, 2020, in connection with
the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,150,000 Units
at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $31,500,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an
additional 63,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $32,130,000. Following the Initial Public Offering,
the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Units, a total of $241,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account.
We incurred $5,310,386 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including $4,830,000 of underwriting fees and $480,386 of other
costs. 15 As of March 31, 2020, we had marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of $243,189,871 (including approximately $1,690,000 of interest income and unrealized gains)
consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may
be used by us to pay taxes. Through March 31, 2020, we have not withdrawn any interest earned on the Trust Account. For the three months March 31, 2020, cash
used in operating activities was $179,553. Net income of $1,225,382 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of $516,220, an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $1,173,651 and a deferred
tax provision of $246,467. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided $38,469 of cash for operating activities. We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable),
to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of March 31, 2020, we had cash of $716,123.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or
their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. The units
would be identical to the Private Units. We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of
identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete
our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate
the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional
financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of March 31, 2020. Contractual obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of one of
our executive officers a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began
incurring these fees on February 3, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the
Business Combination and our liquidation. We entered into an agreement whereby, commencing
on the February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business Combination and the liquidation
of the Trust Account, we will pay our Vice President a $10,000 per month fee for assisting us in negotiating and consummating
an initial Business Combination. Additionally, we have engaged EarlyBirdCapital
as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination
and assist us with its press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33%
of the fee may be allocated at our sole discretion to other third parties who are investment banks or financial advisory firms
not participating in the Initial Public Offering that assist us in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. 16 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Common stock subject to possible redemption We account for our common stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’
equity section of our condensed balance sheets. Net loss per common share We apply the two-class method in calculating
loss per share. Common stock subject to possible redemption which is not currently redeemable and is not redeemable at fair
value, has been excluded from the calculation of basic net income per common share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate
in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. Our net income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable
to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not our
income or losses. Recent accounting standards Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial
statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk As of March 31, 2020, we were not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial
Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with
a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature
of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2020, as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 17 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds. On February 6, 2020, we consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 21,000,000 Units. The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering were sold at an offering price of $10.00
per unit, generating total gross proceeds of $210,000,000. EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. acted as sole book-running manager and I-Bankers
Securities, Inc acted as co-manager, of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities
Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-235849 and 333-236233). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the
registration statements effective on February 3, 2020. Simultaneous with the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 555,000 Units at
a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceed of $5,550,000. Each Private Unit consists of one share of common stock
(“Private Share”) and one-half of one warrant (“Private Warrant”). Each whole Private Warrant is exercisable
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Warrants are identical to the
warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable
or salable until after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. On February 10, 2020, the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in an additional 3,150,000 Units for $31,500,000, less the underwriters’
discount of $630,000. In connection with the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated
the sale of an additional 63,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $630,000. A total of $31,500,000
was deposited into the Trust Account. Of the gross proceeds received from the
Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the Private Units, $241,500,000 was placed in the Trust
Account. We paid a total of $4,830,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and $480,386 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. For a description of the use of the proceeds
generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 18 Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part
of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32* | Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * Filed herewith. 19 SIGNATURES In accordance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.
Date: May 12, 2020 | By: | /s/ Ahmed M. Fattouh
Name: | Ahmed M. Fattouh
Title: | Chairman and Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 20