10-K 1 f10k2020_interprivateacq.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ☒ Annual Report
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the year ended December 31, 2020 OR ☐ Transition Report
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the Transition Period from to Commission File Number 001-39204 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 84-3080757
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
1350 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY | 10019
(Address of principal executive offices) | (zip code) (212) 647-0166 (Issuer’s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class | Trading Symbols | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | IPV.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | IPV | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | IPV WS | The New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement for the past
90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant on June 30, 2020, computed by reference to the closing price for such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on
such date, was $243,207,836. As of March 10, 2021, 31,055,500 shares of common stock, par
value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: The information contained
in the registrant’s definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February 12, 2021, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 16, 2021 (SEC File No. 333-251106) is incorporated into certain portions
of Parts I, II, and III, as disclosed herein. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS This annual report, including, without limitation,
statements under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,”
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.
These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words “believes,”
“estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “may,”
“will,” “potential,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,” or “should,”
or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will
not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability
to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical
facts. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various
factors, including, but not limited to our: ● | ability to consummate the Proposed Business Combination (as such term is defined below);
● | success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following the Proposed Business Combination;
● | officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving the Proposed Business Combination;
● | potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete the Proposed Business Combination;
● | pool of prospective target businesses;
● | failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) or an inability to have our securities listed on NYSE or another national securities exchange following the Proposed Business Combination;
● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities;
● | potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock;
● | public securities’ potential liquidity and trading;
● | lack of a market for our securities;
● | use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or
● | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained
in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
These risks and others described under “Risk Factors” may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future.
We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in
or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent
periods. i INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I
Item 1. | Business. | 1
Item 1A. | Risk Factors. | 3
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. | 3
Item 2. | Properties. | 3
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. | 3
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. | 3
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 4
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. | 4
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 4
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. | 6
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. | 7
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. | 7
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. | 7
Item 9B. | Other Information.
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. | 8
Item 11. | Executive Compensation. | 8
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 8
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 9
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services. | 9
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. | 10
Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary. | 10 ii PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
“Form 10-K”), references to the “Company” and to “we,” “us,” and “our”
refer to InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. General We are a blank check company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware on August 16, 2019. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses
or entities, which we refer to as a “target business.” We may pursue a business combination opportunity in any business
or industry we choose. Prior to signing the Business Combination Agreement (defined below), our efforts have been primarily limited
to organizational activities, activities related to our initial public offering (“IPO”) and pursuing our initial business
combination. In August 2019, we issued an aggregate of
5,750,000 shares of our common stock (“founder shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.004 per share, to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (the “Sponsor”), an affiliate of InterPrivate Capital
LLC, an entity controlled by Ahmed M. Fattouh, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In December 2019, the Sponsor contributed
an aggregate of 718,750 founder shares back to our capital for no additional consideration resulting in there being an aggregate
of 5,031,250 founder shares outstanding. In February 2020, we effectuated a dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for each share
of common stock, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,037,500 founder shares outstanding. In September 2019, we also issued to designees
of EarlyBirdCapital Inc., the representative of the underwriters in our IPO, an aggregate of 300,000 shares of our common stock
of which 50,000 shares received by the underwriter were contributed back to our capital for no additional consideration as a result
of the dividend effectuated by us in February 2020 as described above at a price of $0.0001 per share. On February 6, 2020, we consummated the
IPO of 21,000,000 InterPrivate Units. Each InterPrivate Unit consists of one share of our common stock and one-half of one InterPrivate
Warrant, with each whole InterPrivate Warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $11.50
per share. The InterPrivate Units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per InterPrivate Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$210,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of
the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 555,000 units (the “Private Units”) at a price of $10.00 per Private
Unit, generating total proceeds of $5,550,000. The Private Units were sold to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital and its designees.
The Private Units are identical to the InterPrivate Units sold in the IPO, except that the warrants underlying the Private Units
are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. On February 10, 2020, we consummated the
sale of an additional 3,150,000 InterPrivate Units that were subject to the underwriters’ over-allotment option at $10.00
per InterPrivate Unit, generating gross proceeds of $31,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional InterPrivate
Units, we consummated the sale of an additional 63,000 Private Units at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds
of $630,000. Following the closing of the over-allotment
option and sale of additional Private Units, an aggregate amount of $241,500,000 was placed in the Company’s trust account
established in connection with the IPO (the “Trust Account”). We may withdraw from the Trust Account interest earned
on the funds held therein necessary to pay our income or other taxes, if any. Except as described in “Item 7. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
these proceeds will not be released until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination and our redemption of
100% of the outstanding shares issued in the IPO upon our failure to consummate a business combination within the required time
period. The remaining proceeds from our IPO and
simultaneous private placement, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other costs and expenses, became available to
be used as working capital to provide for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective business combinations and
continuing general and administrative expenses. For further details regarding our business,
see the section titled “Information about InterPrivate” contained in our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent
solicitation statement dated February 12, 2021, incorporated by reference herein. Proposed Business Combination The Business Combination Agreement On November 2, 2020, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the “Business Combination Agreement”)
with WLLY Merger Sub Corp., a Delaware corporation and newly formed, wholly-owned direct subsidiary of InterPrivate (“Merger
Sub”), and Aeva, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Aeva”), pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and
into Aeva (the “Merger”), with Aeva surviving the Merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of InterPrivate (the “Proposed
Business Combination”). The Business Combination Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants,
closing conditions, termination fee provisions and other terms relating to the Proposed Business Combination and the transactions
contemplated thereby. 1 In connection with the closing of the Proposed
Business Combination (the “Closing”), at the effective time of the Merger, by virtue of the Merger, all shares of Aeva
common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be canceled and converted into the
right to receive shares of our common stock, all outstanding Aeva options will be converted into options to purchase our common
stock and all outstanding Aeva restricted stock units will be converted into InterPrivate restricted stock units. The aggregate
number of shares of common stock to be issued in the Proposed Business Combination will be equal to $1.7 billion plus the exercise
price of all outstanding Aeva options, divided by $10.00. Following the Closing, we will own all the stock of Aeva and the Aeva
stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will hold a majority of our outstanding common stock. The Closing is subject to certain conditions,
including but not limited to the approval of our stockholders and Aeva’s stockholders of the Business Combination Agreement.
The Business Combination Agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain circumstances including if the Proposed
Business Combination has not occurred by March 31, 2021. Aeva has agreed to customary “no shop” obligations subject
to a customary “fiduciary out,” and Aeva would be required to pay a termination fee in the amount of $68 million if
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. On March 11, 2021, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders approved the Proposed Business
Combination and other related proposals. The Closing is expected to occur on March 12, 2021. Stockholder Support Agreement On November 2, 2020, certain stockholders
of Aeva holding the votes necessary to approve the Proposed Business Combination entered into a Stockholder Support Agreement (the
“Stockholder Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, such stockholders have agreed to vote all
of their shares of Aeva capital stock in favor of the approval and adoption of the Business Combination Agreement and the Proposed
Business Combination. Additionally, such stockholders have agreed not to (a) transfer any of their shares of Aeva capital stock
(or enter into any arrangement with respect thereto) or (b) enter into any voting arrangement that is inconsistent with the Stockholder
Support Agreement. Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement
and as a condition to the Closing, we, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital (the “Original Holders”) and certain stockholders
of Aeva (the “New Holders”, and collectively with the Original Holders, the “Holders”) will enter into
the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement at Closing. Pursuant to the terms of the Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, we will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the resale of certain of our securities
held by the Holders. In addition, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions, including with regard to the number
of demand rights that may be exercised, the Holders may demand at any time or from time to time, to sell all or any portion of
their registrable securities in an underwritten offering so long as the total offering price is reasonably expected to exceed $30
million. The Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement will also provide the Holders with “piggy-back” registration
rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. Subject to certain exceptions, the Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement further provides for our securities held by the New Holders to be locked-up for a period of one-hundred
eighty days following the Closing, while fifty percent of the founder shares held by the Sponsor will be locked-up until the earlier
of (i) one year following the Closing or (ii) the date on which the sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per
share for any 20 trading days within any 30-day trading period, and the other fifty percent of the founder shares held by the Sponsor
will be locked-up until one year following the Closing. Subscription Agreements On November 2, 2020, we entered into subscription
agreements with certain investors, pursuant to which the investors have agreed to purchase in the aggregate approximately 12,000,000
shares of common stock in a private placement for $10.00 per share (the “November 2020 PIPE”) for anticipated gross
proceeds of approximately $120,000,000. We agreed to give certain registration rights to the November 2020 PIPE investors pursuant
to the subscription agreements. On December 23, 2020, we entered into separate
subscription agreements with an institutional accredited investor and its affiliates pursuant to which the investors agreed to
purchase an aggregate of approximately 16,168,478 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $200
million, consisting of a $150 million tranche with a purchase price of $11.50 per share and a $50 million tranche with a purchase
price of $16.00 per share, in a private placement (collectively, the “December 2020 PIPE”). The investors who agreed
to purchase December 2020 PIPE shares in the $150 million tranche also entered into waiver and lockup agreements with us pursuant
to which each agreed (1) to vote all shares of common stock held by such investor on the record date for the special meeting in
favor of the proposal to approve the Proposed Business Combination, (2) not to submit any such shares of common stock for conversion
in connection with such vote and (3) to a lock-up of such tranche of December 2020 PIPE shares for a period of one year following
the Closing. The purpose of the November 2020 PIPE and
December 2020 PIPE is to raise additional capital for use in connection with the Proposed Business Combination, to meet the minimum
cash requirements of the Company provided in the Business Combination Agreement and for use by the post-combination company following
the Closing. The November 2020 PIPE and the December 2020 PIPE are conditioned on, among other customary closing conditions, the
closing of the Proposed Business Combination. 2 Stockholders Agreement In connection with the Closing, we, the
Sponsor, Canaan, Lux and the Aeva Founders (defined below) will enter into a stockholders agreement (the “Stockholders Agreement”)
to provide for certain governance matters relating to the post-combination company. The Business Combination Agreement and
the Stockholders Agreement Term Sheet attached thereto provide for, among other things, the size and composition of the initial
board of directors of the post-combination company upon the Closing, which will initially consist of a classified board of
seven directors, a majority of which will be independent. Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, we will represent and warrant
that the initial post-combination board will be set at a size of seven members but at the time of the Closing will consist
of only five directors: ● | Soroush Salehian Dardashti; ● | Mina Rezk (together with Mr. Salehian, the “Aeva Founders”); ● | one independent director designated by Lux, who will be Shahin Farshchi; ● | one independent director designated by Canaan (who also meets the independence requirements under Rule 10A-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to service on the audit committee of the board) (an “Audit Committee Qualified Director”), who will be Hrach Simonian; and ● | one Audit Committee Qualified Director designated by the Sponsor, who will be Ahmed M. Fattouh. After Closing, there will be two vacancies
on the post-combination board and the Aeva Founders will have the right to nominate both, one of whom shall include an Audit
Committee Qualified Director and both of whom shall be subject to the approval of a majority of the post-combination board. Subject to the rules of the NYSE, from and
after the Closing, the Stockholders Agreement provides that each Aeva Founder will be entitled to nominate himself to continue
to serve on the board until such time as he holds less than 5% of the outstanding common stock of the post-combination company
(or his earlier death or Incapacity (as defined in the Stockholders Agreement)), and the post-combination company will include
such nominees in its proxy materials for each applicable meeting of stockholders and, subject to applicable law and the exercise
of fiduciary duties, recommend to the post-combination company stockholders that each such nominee be elected at such meeting.
The amended and restated bylaws of the post-combination company, by reference to the Stockholders Agreement, will provide
that (i) Mr. Rezk shall serve as Chairman of the board for so long as he is a director and (ii) in the event Mr. Rezk
is no longer a director, then Mr. Salehian shall serve as the Chairman so long as he is a director. The Aeva Founders’
rights under the Stockholders Agreement will not be transferable. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS For the risks relating to our operations, see the section titled
“ Risk Factors ” contained in our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February
12, 2021, incorporated by reference herein. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTY We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 1350 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee InterPrivate
LLC, an affiliate of our Sponsor, charges us for general and administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined
with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS For a discussion of our legal proceedings, see the section titled “ Information About InterPrivate—Legal Proceedings ” contained
in our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February 12, 2021, incorporated by reference
herein . ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 3 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our
units, common stock and warrants are listed on NYSE under the symbols IPV.U, IPV and IPV WS, respectively. Holders As
of March 10, 2021, there were 3 holders of record of our units, 20 holders of record of our common stock and 1 holder of record
of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of “street name” holders
or beneficial holders whose units, common stock and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our
common stock to date and we do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of the Proposed Business Combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon the post-combination company’s revenues and earnings, if any,
capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Proposed Business Combination. The payment
of any cash dividends subsequent to the Proposed Business Combination will be within the discretion of the post-combination board
at such time. The post-combination company’s ability to declare dividends may also be limited by restrictive covenants pursuant
to any debt financing agreements. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements.
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including those set forth under “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors”
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company formed under
the laws of the State of Delaware on August 16, 2019 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities.
We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Units,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. Recent Developments Proposed Business Combination On November 2, 2020, we entered into the
Business Combination Agreement with Merger Sub and Aeva, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Aeva, with Aeva
surviving the Merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of InterPrivate. The Business Combination Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions, termination fee provisions and other terms relating to the Proposed
Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby. At the effective time of the Merger, by
virtue of the Merger, all shares of Aeva common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
will be canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of our common stock, all outstanding Aeva options will be converted
into options to purchase our common stock and all outstanding Aeva restricted stock units will be converted into InterPrivate restricted
stock units. The aggregate number of shares of Company common stock to be issued in the Proposed Business Combination will be equal
to $1.7 billion plus the exercise price of all outstanding Aeva options, divided by $10.00. The Closing is subject to certain conditions,
including but not limited to the approval of our stockholders and Aeva’s stockholders of the Business Combination Agreement.
The Business Combination Agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain circumstances including if the Proposed
Business Combination has not occurred by March 31, 2021. Aeva has agreed to customary “no shop” obligations subject
to a customary “fiduciary out,” and Aeva would be required to pay a termination fee in the amount of $68 million if
the Business Combination Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. See “Item 1. Business—Proposed
Business Combination” elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain ancillary agreements we have
or will enter into in connection with the Proposed Business Combination. 4 Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from August 16, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2020 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and identifying a target company for an initial business combination.
We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a
result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we
had net loss of $932,821, which consists of operating costs of $2,523,015 and a provision for income taxes of $199,765 offset by
interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $1,789,959. For the period from August 16, 2019 (inception)
through December 31, 2019, we had net loss of $1,000, which consisted of formation and operating costs of $1,000. Liquidity and Capital Resources On February 6, 2020, we consummated the
IPO of 21,000,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 555,000 Private Units to our Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, generating gross proceeds of
$5,550,000. On February 10, 2020, in connection with
the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,150,000 Units
at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $31,500,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an
additional 63,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $32,130,000. Following the IPO, the exercise of the over-allotment
option and the sale of the Private Units, a total of $241,500,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $5,310,386 in IPO
related costs, including $4,830,000 of underwriting fees and $480,386 of other costs. As of December 31, 2020, we had marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of $243,129,959 (including approximately $1,630,000 of interest income and unrealized gains)
consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may
be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2020, we have withdrawn $160,000 of interest earned on the Trust Account for the
payment of franchise and income taxes. For the year end December 31, 2020, cash
used in operating activities was $1,408,976. Net loss of $923,821 was affected by interest earned on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account of $1,789,959 and changes in operating assets and liabilities which provided
$1,313,804 of cash for operating activities. We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable),
to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital
to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of
$694. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target
businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
and structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or
their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would
repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment.
Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into units at a price of $10.00 per unit, at the option of the lender. The units
would be identical to the Private Units. In December 2020, an affiliate of the Sponsor advanced the company an aggregate
amount of $353,994. On January 29, 2021 the Company subsequently entered into
a convertible promissory note with this affiliate (the “Noteholder”), pursuant to which the Company may
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible Promissory Note”), including the aggregate advance of $353,994 at December
31, 2020. The Convertible Promissory
Note is non-interest bearing and due on the date on which the Company consummates its initial business combination. If the Company
does not consummate an initial business combination, the Company may use a portion of any funds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Convertible Promissory Note; however, no proceeds from the Trust Account may be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000
of the principal amount of the Convertible Promissory Note may be converted into units at a price of $10.00 per unit at the option
of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. Subsequent to January 29, 2021, the Company drew down the remaining amount available
for borrowing under the Convertible Promissory Note. The Noteholder intends to convert such amount into 150,000 units of the Company
at the closing of the Business Combination. Such units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s Private Units. We will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time,
in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to
obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction,
and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable
terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern through November
6, 2021, the date that we will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is
not consummated. 5 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of one of
our executive officers a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We began
incurring these fees on February 3, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the
business combination and our liquidation. We entered into an agreement whereby, commencing
on February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a business combination and the liquidation of the
Trust Account, we will pay our Vice President a $10,000 per month fee for assisting us in negotiating and consummating an initial
business combination. Additionally, we have engaged EarlyBirdCapital
as an advisor in connection with a business combination to assist us in holding meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential
business combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities in connection with a business combination, assist us in obtaining shareholder approval for the business combination
and assist us with its press releases and public filings in connection with the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital
a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a business combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of
the IPO (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33% of the fee may be
allocated at our sole discretion to other third parties who are investment banks or financial advisory firms not participating
in the IPO that assist us in identifying and consummating a business combination. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our common stock subject
to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and measured
at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within
the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’
equity section of our balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share.
Net income per common share, basic and diluted for Class A redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the interest income
earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A redeemable common stock
outstanding for the period. Net loss per common share, basic and diluted for and Class B non-redeemable common stock is calculated
by dividing net income less income attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number
of shares of Class B non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period presented. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk Following the consummation of our IPO, the
net proceeds of our IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or
bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in US treasuries. Due to the short-term
nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 6 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item
15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that
are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act,
such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief
financial officer (our “Certifying Officer”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2020, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded
that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures,
no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies
and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Management’s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial
Reporting Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f). Under the supervision of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer, management conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 based on the guidelines established
in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (“COSO”). Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Based upon this evaluation, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2020. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting
due to an exemption established by the JOBS Act for “emerging growth companies.” Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 7 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Upon completion of the IPO, we adopted a
code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business
and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. We will provide, without charge, upon request, copies of our code
of ethics. Requests for copies of our code of ethics should be sent in writing to 1350 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019. The remaining information required by this
item is incorporated by reference herein to our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February
12, 2021, under the section titled “ Information About InterPrivate .” ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION The information required by this item is
incorporated by reference herein to our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February 12,
2021, under the section titled “ Information About InterPrivate—Executive Compensation .” ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP
OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The following table
sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: ● | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
● | each of our executive officers and directors; and
● | all of our executive officers and directors as a group. The beneficial
ownership of shares of common stock is based on 31,055,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 10, 2021. Unless otherwise
indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common
stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included
in the units offered in the IPO or the Private Units as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. Amount and | Approximate
Nature of | Percentage of
Beneficial | Outstanding
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Ownership | Shares
Ahmed M. Fattouh (2) | 6,538,581 | 21.1 | %
Alan Pinto | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
Brandon C. Bentley | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
Brian Q. Pham | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
Minesh K. Patel | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
Jeffrey A. Harris | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
Pietro Cinquegrana | 0 | (3) | 0.0 | %
InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (2) | 6,538,581 | 21.1 | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) | 6,538,581 | 21.1 | %
Five Percent Holders:
Entities affiliated with Sylebra Capital Limited(4) | 1,883,561 | 6.1%
Entities affiliated with Alyeska Investment Group, L.P.(5) | 2,222,444 | 7.6% * | Less than 1%.
(1) | Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 1350 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019.
(2) | Represents securities held by InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC, the Sponsor, of which InterPrivate Capital LLC is sole manager. InterPrivate Capital LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of InterPrivate LLC, an entity controlled by Ahmed M. Fattouh. Accordingly, all securities held by the Sponsor may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially held by Mr. Fattouh. Does not include up to 225,000 shares of InterPrivate common stock underlying up to 150,000 InterPrivate Units that may be issued to the Sponsor upon conversion of up to $1.5 million principal amount of promissory notes that may be issued to the Sponsor to evidence working capital loans.
(3) | Does not include any securities held by the Sponsor in which each individual has an economic interest. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest therein.
(4) | According to the Schedule 13G filed on February 4, 2021 by Sylebra Capital Limited (“Sylebra HK”), Sylebra Capital Management (“Sylebra Cayman”) and Daniel Patrick Gibson (“Mr. Gibson”), (a) each of Sylebra HK, Sylebra Cayman and Mr. Gibson have shared voting and investment power over all 1,883,561 shares beneficially owned, (b) Sylebra HK may be deemed to beneficially own the Shares by virtue of its position as the investment manager to Sylebra Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd, (“SCP MF”), Sylebra Capital Parc Master Fund (“PARC MF”) and other advisory clients, (c) Sylebra Cayman is the holding company and the parent of Sylebra HK, (d) Mr. Gibson owns 100% of the shares of Sylebra HK and Sylebra Cayman and (e) in such capacities, Sylebra HK, Sylebra Cayman, and Mr. Gibson may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power over the shares held for SCP MF, PARC MF and other advisory clients. The address for Sylebra HK, Sylebra Cayman and Mr. Gibson is c/o Sylebra Capital Limited, 20th Floor, 28 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong.
(5) | According to the Schedule 13G filed on February 16, 2021 by Alyeska Investment Group, L.P. (“Alyeska LP”), Alyeska Fund GP, LLC (“Alyeska GP”) and Anand Parekh (“Parekh”), each of Alyeska LP, Alyeska GP and Parekh have shared voting and investment power over all 2,222,444 shares beneficially owned. The address for Alyeska LP, Alyeska GP and Parekh is 77 West Wacker Drive, 7th Floor, Chicago, IL 60601. 8 All of the founder
shares outstanding prior to the IPO have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as escrow agent,
until (i) with respect to 50% of such shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share
splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing
after our initial business combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of such shares, one year after the date
of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate
a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to
exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. During the escrow
period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or
sales (i) among our initial stockholders or to our initial stockholders’ members, officers, directors, consultants or their
affiliates, (ii) to a holder’s stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder’s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder’s immediate family, for
estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic
relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination,
or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which the shares
were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms
of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders, including,
without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared. If dividends
are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable to effect a
business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founder shares. Our executive officers and our Sponsor are
our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. Equity Compensation Plans As of December
31, 2020, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Company
were authorized for issuance. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is
incorporated by reference herein to our definitive proxy statement/prospectus/consent solicitation statement dated February 12,
2021, under the section titled “ Certain InterPrivate Relationships and Related Party Transactions .” ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid
or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of
fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective
periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 26, 2019 (inception)
through December 31, 2019 totaled $64,375 and $42,555, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees,
as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are
not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay
Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the
period from August 26, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for
tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 26, 2019 (inception) through December
31, 2019. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum
for other services for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 26, 2019 (inception) through December 31,
2019. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the
consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit
committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit
services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for
non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 9 PART IV ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) | Financial Statements: Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheet | F-3
Statement of Operations | F-4
Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-20 (2) | Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) | The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report: Exhibit No. | Description
2.1 | Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among the Registrant, WLLY Merger Sub Corp, and Aeva, Inc.***
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.*
3.2 | Bylaws.**
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate.**
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.**
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate.**
4.4 | Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
4.5 | Description of Registrant’s Securities. ****
10.1 | Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant’s initial shareholders, officers and directors.**
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement*
10.4 | Business Combination and Marketing Agreement between EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and the Registrant.*
10.5 | Stock Escrow Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
10.6 | Administrative Services Agreement between InterPrivate LLC and the Registrant.*
10.7 | Services Agreement between the Registrant and Minesh Patel.*
10.8 | Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among the Registrant, WLLY Merger Sub Inc. and certain stockholders of Aeva, Inc. party thereto.***
14 | Code of Ethics.**
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32 | Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. * | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020 ** | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (SEC File Nos. 333-235849 and 333-236233). *** | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (SEC File No. 333-251106) **** | Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. Item 16. FORM 10-K
SUMMARY None. 10 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section
13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 11, 2021. INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Ahmed M. Fattouh
Ahmed M. Fattouh
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer In accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Ahmed M. Fattouh | President and Chief Financial Officer and Director | March 11, 2021
Ahmed M. Fattouh | (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Brandon C. Bentley | General Counsel and Director | March 11, 2021
Brandon C. Bentley
/s/ Jeffrey A. Harris
Jeffrey A. Harris | Director | March 11, 2021
/s/ Pietro Cinquegrana
Pietro Cinquegrana | Director | March 11, 2021
/s/ Matthew Luckett
Matthew Luckett | Director | March 11, 2021 11 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Consolidated Balance Sheets | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 to F-20 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of InterPrivate Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020
and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for year ended
December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 16, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 16, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph – Going
Concern The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business
combination and the Company’s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2020 are not sufficient to complete its
planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern
for a reasonable period of time.
Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (the “PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2019 . New York, NY March 11, 2021 F- 2 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31,
2020 | 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 694 | $ | —
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 11,858 | 25
Total Current Assets | 12,552 | 25
Deferred offering costs | — | 106,870
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 243,129,959 | —
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 243,142,511 | $ | 106,895
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 1,286,872 | $ | 1,000
Income taxes payable | 39,765 | —
Promissory note – related party | — | 80,808
Total Current Liabilities | 1,326,637 | 81,808
Advance from related party | 353,994 | —
Total Liabilities | 1,680,631 | 81,808
Commitments and contingencies (see Note 7)
Common stock subject to possible redemption 23,507,001 shares at redemption value at December 31, 2020 | 236,461,872 | —
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 7,548,499 and 6,337,500 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 23,507,001 and no shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively (1) | 755 | 634
Additional paid-in capital | 5,933,074 | 25,453
Accumulated deficit | (933,821 | ) | (1,000 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,008 | 25,087
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 243,142,511 | $ | 106,895 (1) | As of December 31, 2019, included up to 787,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 6). The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 3 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, | For the Period from August 16, 2019 (Inception) Through December 31,
2020 | 2019
Operating and formation costs | $ | 2,523,015 | $ | 1,000
Loss from operations | (2,523,015 | ) | (1,000 | )
Other income (expense):
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1,789,959 | —
Loss before income taxes | (733,056 | ) | (1,000 | )
Provision for income taxes | (199,765 | ) | —
Net loss | $ | (932,821 | ) | $ | (1,000 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 23,705,712 | —
Basic and diluted net income per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.06 | $ | —
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock (1) | 7,214,461 | 6,337,784
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common stock | $ | (0.32 | ) | $ | (0.00 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of 787,500 shares subject to forfeiture at December 31, 2019 (see Notes 6). The accompanying
notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements . F- 4 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common Stock | Additional Paid | Accumulated | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | in Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – August 16, 2019 (inception) | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of common stock to Sponsor (1) | 6,900,000 | 690 | 24,310 | — | 25,000
Issuance of Representative Shares | 300,000 | 30 | 1,057 | — | 1,087
Forfeiture of common stock issued to Sponsor | (862,500 | ) | (86 | ) | 86 | — | —
Net loss | — | — | — | (1,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Balance – December 31, 2019 | 6,337,500 | 634 | 25,453 | (1,000 | ) | 25,087
Forfeiture of Representative Shares | (50,000 | ) | (5 | ) | 5 | — | —
Sale of 24,150,000 Units, net of underwriting discount and offering expenses | 24,150,000 | 2,415 | 236,187,199 | — | 236,189,614
Sale of 618,000 Private Units | 618,000 | 61 | 6,179,939 | — | 6,180,000
Common stock subject to possible redemption | (23,507,001 | ) | (2,350 | ) | (236,459,522 | ) | — | (236,461,872 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | (932,821 | ) | (932,821 | )
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 7,548,499 | $ | 755 | $ | 5,933,074 | $ | (933,821 | ) | $ | 5,000,008 (1) | Included an aggregate of 787,500 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 6). The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 5 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, | For the Period from August 16, 2019 (Inception) Through December 31,
2020 | 2019
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (932,821 | ) | $ | (1,000 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (1,789,959 | ) | —
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | (11,833 | )
Accrued expenses | 1,285,872 | 1,000
Income taxes payable | 39,765 | —
Net cash used in operating activities | (1,408,976 | ) | —
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (241,500,000 | ) | —
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay for franchise and income taxes | 160,000 | —
Net cash used in investing activities | (241,340,000 | ) | —
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 236,670,000 | —
Proceeds from sale of Private Units | 6,180,000 | —
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 43,340 | 80,808
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (124,148 | ) | —
Proceeds from advance from related party | 353,994 | —
Payment of offering costs | (373,516 | ) | (80,808 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 242,749,670 | —
Net Change in Cash | 694 | —
Cash – Beginning of period | — | —
Cash – End of period | $ | 694 | $ | —
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Issuance of Representative Shares | $ | — | $ | 1,087
Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor from proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor | $ | — | $ | 25,000
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 237,394,700 | $ | —
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | (932,828 | ) | $ | —
Forfeiture of Representative Shares | $ | (5 | ) | $ | — The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 6 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS InterPrivate Acquisition
Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on August 16, 2019. The Company is a blank check company formed
for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization
or other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an
early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and
emerging growth companies. The Company has one
subsidiary, WLLY Merger Sub Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware on October 27, 2020 (“Merger
Sub”). As of December 31,
2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation,
the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, identifying a target company for
a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Aeva, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Aeva”),
as described in Note 7. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination,
at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial
Public Offering. The registration statement
for the Company’s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on February 3, 2020. On February 6, 2020, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 21,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares of common stock included
in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”) at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $210,000,000, which is described
in Note 4. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 555,000 units (the “Private Units”)
at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (the “Sponsor”)
and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”), generating gross proceeds of $5,550,000, which is described in Note
5. Following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering on February 6, 2020, an amount of $210,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale
of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”)
located in the United States, which was invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16)
of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. On February 7, 2020,
the underwriters notified the Company of their intention to fully exercise their over-allotment option on February 10, 2020. As
such, on February 10, 2020, the Company consummated the sale of an additional 3,150,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, and the sale
of an additional 63,000 Private Units, at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $32,130,000. A total of $31,500,000
of the net proceeds was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to $241,500,000. F- 7 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Transaction costs
amounted to $5,310,386 consisting of $4,830,000 of underwriting fees and $480,386 of other offering costs. In addition, $867,876
of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and was available for working capital purposes. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The
Company must complete a Business Combination having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust
Account (excluding taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into an initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it
not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide
its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called
to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The public
stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account ($10.00
per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the
Company’s warrants. The Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
$5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval,
a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and
the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents
with the SEC containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement prior to completing a Business
Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant
to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business
Combination, the Company’s Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 6),
Representative Shares (as defined in Note 8), Private Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased after the Initial
Public Offering (a) in favor of approving a Business Combination and (b) not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder
vote to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction or don’t vote at all. The Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Representative Shares, Private Shares and
Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination or amendment to the Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, (b) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the
Founder Shares, Representative Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination and (c) not
to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect a public stockholders’
ability to convert or sell their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing
of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination unless
the Company provides the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have
until November 6, 2021 to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period (and the Company’s stockholders do not approve an amendment to the Company’s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation to extend such period), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of
then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. F- 8 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 In order to protect
the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a
third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has
discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $10.00 per Public Share,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a valid and enforceable agreement with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the
Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Insiders will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Insiders will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims
of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to
monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues
to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have
a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE 2. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN As of December 31,
2020, the Company had $694 in its operating bank accounts, $243,129,959 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for
a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith and working capital deficit of $1,114,270.
As of December 31, 2020, approximately $1,630,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which
is available to pay the Company’s tax obligations. Until the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company will need
to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third
parties. The Company’s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to
time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company’s working capital
needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital,
it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing
operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern through November 6, 2021, the date that the Company will be required
to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. These consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the
liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated
financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. F- 9 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority owned subsidiary where the Company has the ability to
exercise control. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Activities in relation
to the noncontrolling interest are not considered to be significant and are, therefore, not presented in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an
“emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s consolidated financial statement
with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of
the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating
its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company
did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. Marketable Securities Held in Trust
Account At December 31, 2020,
the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury securities. F- 10 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Common Stock Subject to Possible
Redemption The Company accounts
for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a
liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features
redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events
not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside
of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible
redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s
consolidated balance sheets. Income Taxes The Company follows
the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to
be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets
to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be
sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as
of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. On March 27, 2020,
President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES Act includes
several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain net
operating losses (“NOL) and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the five prior years, suspend
the excess business loss rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate alternative minimum tax credits, generally
loosen the business interest limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent to 50 percent among other technical corrections
included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company has evaluated the impact, if any, of the CARES Act on its
financial position, and has determined there is no impact on its financial statements. Net Income (Loss) Per Share Net income (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares
of common stock subject to forfeiture. At December 31, 2019, weighted average shares were reduced for the effect of an aggregate
of 787,500 shares of common stock that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters
(see Note 7). The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement
to purchase an aggregate of 12,384,000 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise
of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events. F- 11 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Company’s statement of operations
includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for common shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the
two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted, for Common stock subject to
possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income or loss on marketable securities held by the Trust
Account, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject to possible redemption
outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per share, basic and diluted,
for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), adjusted for income or loss on marketable securities
attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of non-redeemable common stock outstanding
for the period. Non-redeemable common stock includes Founder
Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable common stock
participates in the income or loss on marketable securities based on non-redeemable shares’ proportionate interest. The following table reflects the calculation
of basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share (in dollars, except per share amounts): For the year ended December 31, 2020 | For the Period from August 16, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019
Common stock subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 1,742,346 | $ | —
Less: interest available to be withdrawn for payment of taxes | (350,896 | )
Net income | $ | 1,391,450 | $ | —
Denominator: Weighted Average Common stock subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 23,705,712 | —
Basic and diluted net income per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.06 | $ | —
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator: Net Loss minus Net Earnings
Net loss | $ | (932,821 | ) | $ | (1,000 | )
Less: Net income allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption | (1,391,450 | ) | —
Non-Redeemable Net Loss | $ | (2,324,271 | ) | $ | (1,000 | )
Denominator: Weighted average non-redeemable common stock
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock | 7,214,461 | 6,337,784
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Common stock | $ | (0.32 | ) | $ | (0.00 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which,
at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of
the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term
nature. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. F- 12 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 4. PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold 24,150,000 Units, which includes a full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of 3,150,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of common stock and one-half
of one warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one share of common
stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). NOTE 5. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an aggregate of 555,000 Private Units at
a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $5,550,000. As a result of the underwriters’ election
to fully exercise their over-allotment option on February 10, 2020, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital purchased an additional 63,000
Private Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $630,000. The proceeds from the
sale of the Private Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. Each Private
Unit consists of one share of common stock (“Private Share”) and one-half of one warrant (“Private Warrant”).
Each whole Private Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment (see Note 8). The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from
the sale of the Private Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law). NOTE 6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares In August 2019, the
Sponsor purchased 5,750,000 shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the Company’s common stock for an aggregate price
of $25,000. On December 30, 2019, the Sponsor contributed an aggregate of 718,750 Founder Shares back to the Company’s capital
for no additional consideration and in February 2020, the Company effected a dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for each share
of common stock outstanding, resulting in there being an aggregate of 6,037,500 Founder Shares outstanding. All share and per-share
amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the stock dividend. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 787,500
shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment was not exercised in full
or in part, so that the Sponsor would collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial
Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private
Shares underlying the Private Units and Representative Shares). On February 10, 2020, as a result of the underwriters’ election
to fully exercise their over-allotment option, 787,500 Founder’s Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until, with respect to 50% of
the Founder Shares, the earlier of one year after the consummation of a Business Combination and the date on which the closing
price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and, with respect
to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, until the one year after the consummation of a Business Combination, or earlier, in
either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. F- 13 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Promissory Note — Related Party In September 2019,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to InterPrivate Acquisition Management LLC (the “Promissory Note”),
pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $150,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) September 1, 2020, (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the
date on which the Company determined not to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. At December 31, 2019, $80,808 was outstanding
under the Promissory Note. The outstanding amount of $124,148 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on February
6, 2020. Related Party Loans and
Advances In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Insiders, or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written
agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. As of December 31, 2020, an affiliate of
the Sponsor had advanced the Company an aggregate amount of $353,994. Subsequently, on January 29, 2021 the Company entered into
a convertible promissory note agreement with this affiliate (the “Noteholder”) pursuant to which the Company may borrow
up to an aggregate principal amount of $1,500,000 (the “Convertible Promissory Note”). Subsequent to January 29, 2021,
the Company drew down the remaining amount available for borrowing under the Convertible Promissory Note. The Noteholder intends
to convert such amount into 150,000 units of the Company at Closing. Such units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s
Private Units (see Note 1 for a description of the Private Units) and will consist of (i) 150,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 75,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment). Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered
into an agreement whereby, commencing on the February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a
Business Combination and the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Company will pay an affiliate of one of the
Company’s executive officers $10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company incurred $110,000 in fees for these services, of which $10,000 are included
in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. Services Agreement The Company entered
into an agreement whereby, commencing on the February 3, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of a Business
Combination and the liquidation of the Trust Account, the Company will pay its Vice President a $10,000 per month fee for assisting
the Company in negotiating and consummating an initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company
incurred and paid $110,000 in fees for these services. F- 14 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 7. COMMITMENTS AND
CONTINGENCIES Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on February 3, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares and Representative Shares, as well as the
holders of the Private Units and any units that may be issued in payment of Working Capital Loans made to the Company (and all
underlying securities), are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make
up to two demands that the Company register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founders Shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be
released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units and units issued in payment of Working
Capital Loans (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after the Company consummates
a Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital may only make a demand on one occasion and only
during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the holders have certain
“piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital may participate in a “piggy-back” registration only
during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Business Combination Marketing Agreement The Company has engaged
EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding meetings with its shareholders
to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce the Company to potential investors
that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection with a Business Combination, assist the Company
in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its press releases and public filings
in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation
of a Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds of Initial Public Offering, or $8,452,500 (exclusive
of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 33% of the fee may be allocated at the Company’s
sole discretion to other third parties who are investment banks or financial advisory firms not participating in the Initial Public
Offering that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. Business Combination Agreement On November 2, 2020,
the Company entered into a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”) with Merger Sub, and
Aeva, pursuant to which Merger Sub will be merged with and into Aeva (the “Merger”) with Aeva surviving the Merger
as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Proposed Business Combination”). The Business Combination
Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions, termination fee provisions and other
terms relating to the Proposed Business Combination and the transactions contemplated thereby. In connection with
the closing of the Proposed Business Combination (the “Closing”), at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, all
shares of Aeva common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be canceled and converted into
the right to receive shares of the Company’s common stock, all outstanding Aeva options will be converted into options to
purchase our common stock and all outstanding Aeva restricted stock units will be converted into InterPrivate restricted stock
units. The aggregate number of shares of the Company’s common stock to be issued in the Proposed Business Combination will
be equal to $1.7 billion plus the exercise price of all outstanding Aeva options, divided by $10,00. Following the Closing, the
Company will own all the stock of Aeva and the Aeva stockholders as of immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will
hold a majority of the Company’s common stock. Estimated Transaction Expenses The Company estimates that it has incurred estimated transaction
expenses payable at Closing totaling approximately $52 million, consisting of (i) approximately $16 million of placement agent
fees and related expenses, (ii) financial and transaction advisory fees of approximately $16 million, (iii) a fee of 8,452,500
payable to EarlyBirdCapital under the business combination marketing agreement (see “ Business Combination Marketing Agreement”
above ), and (iv) printing, legal, accounting and other fees of $11.5 million. F- 15 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Closing is subject
to certain conditions, including but not limited to the approval of the Company’s stockholders and Aeva’s stockholders
of the Business Combination Agreement. The Business Combination Agreement may also be terminated by either party under certain
circumstances including if the Business Combination has not occurred by March 31, 2021. Aeva has agreed to customary “no
shop” obligations subject to a customary “fiduciary out,” and Aeva would be required to pay a termination fee
in the amount of $68 million if the Business Combination Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. Stockholder Support Agreement Also, on November
2, 2020, certain stockholders of Aeva holding the votes necessary to approve the Proposed Business Combination entered into a Stockholder
Support Agreement with the Company (the “Stockholder Support Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, such
stockholders have agreed to vote all of their shares of Aeva capital stock in favor of the approval and adoption of the Proposed
Business Combination. Additionally, such stockholders have agreed not to (a) transfer any of their shares of Aeva capital stock
(or enter into any arrangement with respect thereto) or (b) enter into any voting arrangement that is inconsistent with the Stockholder
Support Agreement. Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement Pursuant to the Business
Combination Agreement and as a condition to the Closing, the Company, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital (the “Original Holders”)
and certain stockholders of Aeva (the “New Holders” and collectively with the Original Holders, the “Holders”)
will enter into the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Pursuant to the terms
of the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, the Company will be obligated to file a registration statement to register the
resale of certain securities of the Company held by the Holders. In addition, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions,
including with regard to the number of demand rights that may be exercised, the Holders may demand at any time or from time to
time, to sell all or any portion of their registrable securities in an underwritten offering so long as the total offering price
is reasonably expected to exceed $30 million. The Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement will also provide the Holders with
“piggy-back” registration rights, subject to certain requirements and customary conditions. Subject to certain
exceptions, the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement further provides for the securities of the Company held by the New Holders
to be locked-up for a period of one-hundred eighty days following the Closing, while fifty percent of the securities of the Company
held by the Original Holders will be locked-up until the earlier of (i) one year following the Closing or (ii) the date on which
the sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within any 30-day
trading period, and the other fifty percent of the securities of the Company held by the Original Holders will be locked-up until
one year following the Closing. Subscription Agreements On November 2, 2020,
the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors, pursuant to which the investors have agreed to purchase
in the aggregate approximately 12,000,000 shares of common stock in a private placement for $10.00 per share (the “November
2020 PIPE”) for anticipated gross proceeds of approximately $120,000,000. The Company agreed to give certain registration
rights to the November 2020 PIPE investors pursuant to the subscription agreements. On December 23, 2020, the Company entered
into separate subscription agreements with an institutional accredited investor and its affiliates (collectively, the “Investors”)
pursuant to which the Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of approximately 16,168,478 shares of the Company’s common
stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $200,000,000, consisting of a $150,000,000 tranche with a purchase price
of $11.50 per share and a $50,000,000 tranche with a purchase price of $16.00 per share, in a private placement (collectively,
the “December 2020 PIPE”). The investors who agreed to purchase December 2020 PIPE shares in the $150,000,000 tranche
also entered into waiver and lockup agreements with the Company pursuant to which each agreed (1) to vote all shares of common
stock held by such investor on the record date for the special meeting in favor of the proposal to approve the Proposed Business
Combination, (2) not to submit any such shares of common stock for conversion in connection with such vote and (3) to a lock-up
of such tranche of December 2020 PIPE shares for a period of one year following the Closing. F- 16 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The purpose of the
November 2020 PIPE and December 2020 PIPE is to raise additional capital for use in connection with the Proposed Business Combination,
to meet the minimum cash requirements of the Company provided in the Business Combination Agreement and for use by the post-combination
company following the Closing. The November 2020 PIPE and the December 2020 PIPE are conditioned on, among other customary closing
conditions, the closing of the Proposed Business Combination. Legal proceedings On December 23, 2020, Brian Quarles,
an alleged stockholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit against the Company, its directors, Merger Sub and Aeva in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, captioned Quarles v. InterPrivate Acquisition Corp., et al ., Index No. 657263/2020.
The complaint alleges that the Company’s directors caused materially misleading and incomplete information to be disseminated
to the Company’s public stockholders and that the Company, Merger Sub and Aeva aided and abetted the directors’ breach
of their fiduciary duties. The complaint alleges that the disseminated information omitted, among other things, certain financial
information, details regarding the Company’s financial advisors and other information relating to the background of the Business
Combination. The complaint seeks, among other things, (1) injunctive relief enjoining the Company, its directors, Merger Sub and
Aeva and persons acting in concert with them from proceeding with, consummating or closing the Business Combination; (2) rescission
of the consummation of the Business Combination if consummated or rescissory damages; (3) injunctive relief directing the defendants
to disseminate a registration statement that does not omit material information or contain alleged untrue statements of material
fact; (4) declaratory judgment that the individual defendants violated their fiduciary duties; (5) an award of plaintiff’s
expenses and attorney’s fees; and (6) other equitable relief. The Company believes that the plaintiff's claims in the foregoing matter are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them. NOTE 8. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At December
31, 2020 and 2019, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. At December
31, 2020 and 2019, there were 7,548,499 and 6,337,500 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 23,507,001 and no
shares of common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. Warrants — The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination
or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has
an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering
the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective within a specified period following the
consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and
during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If
that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the warrants
become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: ● | in whole and not in part;
● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
● | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds $18.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and
● | if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. F- 17 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 If the Company calls
the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The Private Warrants
are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants
and the shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until
after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted
transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public
Warrants. The exercise price
and number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in
the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or our recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
the warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares of common stock at a price below their respective exercise prices. Additionally,
in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive
any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside
of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x)
the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and in the
case of any such issuance to the sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares
held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the consummation of a
Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s common stock
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates Business Combination
(such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the
additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. Representative Shares In September 2019,
the Company issued to the designees of EarlyBirdCapital 250,000 shares of common stock (the “Representative Shares”)
(after giving effect to a contribution back to the Company’s capital for no additional consideration of an aggregate of 50,000
shares EarlyBirdCapital received as a result of the dividend effectuated by the Company in February 2020). The Company accounted
for the Representative Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders’
equity. The Company estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be $1,087 based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued
to the Sponsor. The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the
completion of a Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to
such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. The Representative
Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following
the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1) of FINRA’s
NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days
immediately following the effective date of the registration statements related to the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be
sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the registration
statements related to the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the Initial Public
Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. F- 18 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 9. INCOME TAX The Company’s net deferred tax asset
at December 31, 2020 and 2019 as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2020 | 2019
Deferred tax asset
Net operating loss carryforward | $ | — | $ | 210
Total deferred tax assets | — | 210
Valuation Allowance | — | (210 | )
Deferred tax asset | $ | — | $ | — The income tax provision
for the year ended December 31, 2020 and for the period from August 16, 2019 (inception) through December 31, 2019 consists of
the following: December 31, | December 31,
2020 | 2019
Federal
Current | $ | 199,765 | $ | —
Deferred | 210 | (210 | )
State and Local
Current | — | —
Deferred | — | —
Change in valuation allowance | (210 | ) | 210
Income tax provision | $ | 199,765 | $ | — As of December 31,
2020 and 2019, the Company had $0 and $1,000 of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable
income, respectively. In assessing the realization
of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists
with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the
year ended December 31, 2020, the valuation allowance decreased by $210. For the period from August 16, 2019 (inception)
through December 31, 2019, the change in the valuation allowance increased by $210. A reconciliation of the federal income
tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate at December 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows: December 31, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Statutory federal income tax rate | 21.0 | % | 21.0 | %
Business combination expenses | (48.3 | )% | 0.0 | %
Valuation allowance | 0.1 | % | (21.0 | )%
Income tax provision | (27.2 | )% | 0.0 | % The Company files
income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. The Company’s
tax returns for since inception remain open and subject to examination by the taxing authorities. The Company considers New York
to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. F- 19 INTERPRIVATE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 10. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows
the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting
period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table
presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 243,129,959 NOTE 11. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. Private Placement On January 4, 2021,
the Company entered into subscription agreements with an institutional accredited investor and its affiliated investment vehicles
for an aggregate $200 million investment in a Private Placement. The closing of the Private Placement is conditioned on the closing
of the Merger. Legal Proceedings On January 20, 2021, Michael Anello,
an alleged stockholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit against the Company and its directors in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York, captioned Anello v. InterPrivate Acquisition Corp., et al. , Case No. 1:21-cv-00505.
The complaint alleges that the Company’s directors authorized the filing of a materially incomplete and misleading registration
statement on Form S-4 with the SEC in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and in breach of the directors’
duty of disclosure. The complaint alleges that the registration statement on Form S-4 contains materially incomplete and
misleading information concerning, among other things, certain financial information and any conflicts of interest of the Company’s
financial advisors. The complaint seeks, among other things, (1) injunctive relief enjoining the Company, its directors and persons
acting in concert with them from proceeding with the special meeting or consummating the Business Combination; (2) damages; (3)
an award of plaintiff’s expenses and attorney’s and expert fees; and (4) other equitable relief. The Company believes
that the plaintiff’s claims in the foregoing matter are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them. Related Party Loans As described in Note 6 under the
heading “Related Party Loans and Advances,” Subsequent to December 31, 2020, the Company drew down the remaining amount
available for borrowing under the Convertible Promissory Note. The Noteholder intends to convert such amount into 150,000
units of the Company at Closing. Such units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s Private Units (see
Note 1 for a description of the Private Units). F-20