UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒ | Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement ☐ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement ☐ | Definitive Additional Materials ☐ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i) and 0-11 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement October 4, 2024 Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING | 1
GENERAL MATTERS | 2
VOTING SHARES | 3
OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 5
PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 7
DIRECTOR NOMINEES | 8
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY | 15
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | 15
Meetings and Attendance | 15
Board Committees | 15
Consideration of Director Nominees | 16
Skills and Experience | 17
Stockholder Communications | 18
Strategy Oversight | 18
Risk Oversight | 18
Sustainability | 19
Stock Ownership Guidelines | 19
Board Independence and Impact of “Controlled Company” Status | 19
Executive Sessions | 20
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct | 20
Board Leadership Structure | 20
Related-Party Transactions | 20
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports | 21
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | 21
Compensation Philosophy and Process | 21
Compensation Practices and Risks | 22
Elements of Compensation | 22
General Matters Regarding Executive Compensation | 24
Compensation Advisors | 25
Compensation Committee Report | 26
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation | 26
COMPENSATION TABLES | 27
POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN CONTROL | 31
PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE | 32
PAY-RATIO DISCLOSURE | 34
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | 35
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE | 35
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE | 35
FEES AND RELATED DISCLOSURES FOR ACCOUNTING SERVICES | 36
PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM | 37
PROPOSAL NO. 3: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDMENT TO OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION TO ADD OFFICER EXCULPATION | 37
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS | 39
OTHER MATTERS | 39
ANNEX A | A-1 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING October 4, 2024 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS: The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (the “Company”) will be held at the corporate offices of Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. at 1052
 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 200, Ridgeland, Mississippi 39157, at 10:00 a.m., Central Time, on Friday, October 4, 2024, for the following purposes: 1. | To elect seven directors to serve for the ensuing year;
2. | To ratify the selection of Frost, PLLC, as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2025;
3. | To amend our certificate of incorporation to add officer exculpation; and
4. | To consider and act upon such other matters as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournments thereof. August 9, 2024 has been fixed as the record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting and to receive notice
 thereof. The accompanying proxy statement describes the matters being voted on and contains other information relating to the Company. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting in person, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. So that we may be sure your
 vote will be included, please promptly submit your proxy and voting instructions via the internet, or sign, date and return a proxy card (if received by mail). Stockholders are encouraged to submit proxies as early as possible to avoid any possible
 delays . FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MAX P. BOWMAN, SECRETARY Dated: August 22, 2024 1 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD OCTOBER 4, 2024. The proxy statement and the Company’s 2024 annual report to stockholders are available at www.ProxyVote.com CAL-MAINE FOODS, INC. 1052 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 200 Ridgeland, Mississippi 39157 PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD OCTOBER 4, 2024 The information set forth in this proxy statement is furnished by our Board of Directors in connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (the “Company”) to be held on October 4, 2024, at 10:00 a.m., central time, at our principal executive offices, 1052 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 200, Ridgeland, Mississippi 39157 (the “Annual Meeting”). Our telephone number is
 (601) 948-6813. The terms “we,” “us” and “our” used in this proxy statement refer to the Company. GENERAL MATTERS In accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), we are permitted to furnish proxy materials, including this proxy
 statement and our Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 1, 2024 (the “Annual Report”), to stockholders by providing access to these documents on the internet instead of mailing printed copies. Most stockholders will not receive
 printed copies of the proxy materials unless requested. Instead, the notice of internet availability of proxy materials provides instructions on how to access and review the proxy materials on the internet. The notice also provides instructions on how
 to submit your proxy and voting instructions via the internet. If you would like to receive a printed or email copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions provided in the notice to request the materials. A list of the stockholders of
 record as of the record date will be available for inspection by stockholders of the Company for any purpose germane to the meeting at the Company’s corporate offices for 10 days preceding the date of the Annual Meeting during ordinary business hours. The following proxy materials are being made available to holders of record on August 9, 2024, on or about August 22, 2024, free of charge at our
 website, www.calmainefoods.com/annual-meeting-and-proxy-material or www.proxyvote.com: • | The Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders; • | The Annual Report; and • | The form of proxy card being distributed to stockholders in connection with the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure, we will deliver only one copy of our notice of internet
 availability of proxy materials to stockholders who have the same address and last name unless one or more of these stockholders notifies us that they wish to receive individual copies. This procedure reduces our printing costs and postage fees.
 Although only one copy of our notice of internet availability of proxy materials will be delivered to each address, each stockholder sharing that address will continue to be able to access the proxy materials and submit his or her individual voting
 instructions. If you want to receive separate copies of our notice of internet availability of proxy materials, or if you do not wish to participate in householding in the future, or if any shareholders sharing an address are receiving multiple copies
 of our notice of internet availability of proxy materials and would like to request delivery of a single copy, you can make these requests through the following sources: Stockholders of record should contact the Company’s Secretary in writing or by telephone at Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., ATTN: Max P. Bowman, Secretary,
 Post Office Box 2960, Jackson, Mississippi 39207, telephone number (601) 948-6813. Stockholders who are beneficial owners should contact their bank, broker or other nominee record holder. Our Board of Directors is soliciting your proxy to vote your shares on all matters scheduled to come before the Annual Meeting. The proxy may be
 revoked by a stockholder at any time before it is voted by filing with our Secretary a written revocation of such proxy or a duly executed proxy bearing a later date. The proxy also may be revoked by a stockholder attending the meeting by withdrawing
 the proxy and voting in person. 2 The Company is not using a proxy solicitor. All expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation of proxies will be paid by us. Our directors,
 officers, and regular employees may solicit proxies in person, by telephone, mail, email, telecopy or employee communications. We will not pay such persons additional compensation for their proxy solicitation efforts. We will, upon request, reimburse
 banks,, brokerage houses and other institutions, and fiduciaries for their expenses in forwarding proxy materials to their principals. VOTING SHARES Stockholders of record at the close of business on August 9, 2024, are eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy. As of the record
 date, 44,236,582 shares of our common stock were outstanding (including 274,215 shares of unvested restricted common stock issued under our Amended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan that have voting rights), and 4,800,000 shares of our
 Class A common stock were outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each matter to be considered at the Annual Meeting. Each share of Class A common stock is
 entitled to 10 votes on each such matter. The holders of shares of our common stock and/or Class A common stock representing a majority of the voting interest of all the outstanding shares of our common stock and Class A common stock, considered
 together as a group and entitled to vote at the meeting, in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum for purposes of the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. If a quorum is not present in person or by proxy, the holders of shares representing a majority of the voting interest of all such shares present may,
 without notice other than announcement at the meeting, adjourn the meeting from time to time, until a quorum is present, and at any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at
 the original meeting. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account by a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in
 “street name” and these proxy materials are being made available to you by your bank, broker or other nominee that is considered the stockholder of record of those shares. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your bank, broker or other
 nominee on how to vote your shares and your bank, broker or other nominee will send you instructions on how to submit your voting instructions. If you are a stockholder of record and you do not return a proxy, your shares will not be voted. If you are a stockholder of record and you make no
 specifications on your proxy card, your shares of our common stock will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of our Board of Directors, as provided below. If you are a beneficial owner and you do not provide voting instructions to your bank,
 broker or other nominee holding shares for you, your shares will not be voted with respect to any proposal for which the stockholder of record does not have discretionary authority to vote. Rules of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) governing
 brokers (regardless of the exchange on which the company is listed) determine whether proposals presented at stockholder meetings are “discretionary” or “non-discretionary.” If a proposal is determined to be discretionary, your bank, broker or other
 nominee is permitted under NYSE rules to vote on the proposal without receiving voting instructions from you. If a proposal is determined to be non-discretionary, NYSE rules prohibit your bank, broker or other nominee from voting on the proposal
 without receiving voting instructions from you. A “broker non-vote” occurs when a bank, broker or other nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner returns a valid proxy, but does not vote on a particular proposal because it does not have
 discretionary authority to vote on the matter and has not received voting instructions from the stockholder for whom it is holding shares. Under the NYSE rules, the proposals relating to the election of directors and to amend our certificate of incorporation to add officer exculpation are
 considered non-routine matters and non-discretionary proposals and the proposal relating to the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm is a discretionary proposal. As such, if you are a beneficial owner and
 you do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker or other nominee holding shares for you, your shares will not be voted with respect to the election of directors or the proposal to amend our certificate of incorporation to add officer
 exculpation, and your shares may be voted with respect to the ratification of the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm. Abstentions occur when stockholders are present at the Annual Meeting but fail to vote or voluntarily withhold their vote for any of the matters upon
 which the stockholders are voting. Abstentions are counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present and will have the same effect as a vote against proposals other than the election of directors. 3 Election of Directors . Both the shares of common stock and the shares of Class A common stock have the right of cumulative voting in the
 election of directors. Cumulative voting means that each stockholder is entitled to cast as many votes as he or she has the right to cast (before cumulating votes), multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. All such votes may be cast for a
 single nominee or may be distributed among the nominees to be voted for as the stockholder sees fit. To exercise cumulative voting rights by proxy, a stockholder must clearly designate the number of votes to be cast for any given nominee. Under
 Delaware law, votes withheld from a director’s election will be counted toward a quorum but will not affect the outcome of the vote on the election of a director. Broker non-votes will not be taken into account in determining the outcome of the
 election. The election of directors requires a plurality of the votes cast, which means the candidates receiving the highest number of “FOR” votes will be elected. Voting Requirements . The following table summarizes the votes required for passage of each proposal and the effect of abstentions and
 uninstructed shares held by brokers. Proposal | Voting Options | Votes Required To Adopt Proposal | Effect of Abstentions | Effect of Broker Non-Votes
No. 1: Election of directors | For or withhold on all nominees, or allocate votes among the nominees | Plurality of votes cast | N/A | No effect
No. 2: Ratification of selection of independent registered public accounting firm | For, against, or abstain | Majority of voting interest having voting power present in person or by proxy | Treated as votes against | N/A
No. 3: Approval of the amendment to our certificate of incorporation to add officer exculpation | For, against, or abstain | The approval of a majority in voting interest of the shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, voting together as a group | Treated as votes against | Treated as votes against Our Board recommends that you vote: • | FOR the election of the seven nominees named in this proxy statement to serve as directors of the Company; • | FOR the ratification of our selection of Frost, PLLC as independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for fiscal year 2025; and • | FOR the approval of the amendment to our certificate of incorporation to add officer exculpation. We do not expect any matters to be presented for action at our Annual Meeting other than the matters described in the proxy statement. However, by
 completing, dating, signing and returning a proxy card, or by submitting your proxy and voting instructions via the internet, you will give to the persons named as proxies discretionary voting authority with respect to any other matter that may
 properly come before the Annual Meeting, and they intend to vote on any such other matter in accordance with their best judgment. In accordance with Delaware law, the Company will appoint two inspectors of election. The inspectors will take charge of and will count the votes and
 ballots cast at the Annual Meeting and will make a written report on their determination. 4 OWNERSHIP OF VOTING SECURITIES BY CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information as to the beneficial ownership of our common stock and Class A common stock as of August 9, 2024, unless
 otherwise indicated, by: • | each person known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of either class outstanding, and • | each director of the Company, each nominee to serve as a director, each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table (each a “named executive officer”) and by all directors and executive officers as a group. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) | Common Stock and Class A Common Stock | Percentage of Total Voting Power (3)
Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) | Percentage of Class Outstanding
Common | Class A | Common | Class A
DLNL (4) | 1,031,361 | 2,400,000 | 2.3 | % | 50.0 | % | 27.1 | %
Adolphus B. Baker (5) | 591,893 | 2,400,000 | 1.3 | % | 50.0 | % | 26.7 | %
Max P. Bowman (6) | 15,498 | — | * | — | % | *
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. (7) | 23,801 | — | * | — | % | *
Letitia C. Hughes (8) | 43,570 | — | * | — | % | *
Sherman L. Miller (9) | 29,696 | — | * | — | % | *
James E. Poole (10) | 10,170 | — | * | — | % | *
Steve W. Sanders (11) | 26,170 | — | * | — | % | *
Michael T. Walters (12) | 11,923 | — | * | — | % | *
Camille S. Young (13) | 8,548 | — | * | — | % | *
BlackRock, Inc. (14) | 6,714,394 | — | 15.2 | % | — | % | 7.3 | %
The Vanguard Group (15) | 4,771,655 | — | 10.8 | % | — | % | 5.2 | %
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (16) | 2,438,372 | — | 5.5 | % | — | % | 2.6 | %
Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. KSOP | 1,917,587 | — | 4.3 | % | — | % | 2.1 | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (10 persons) (17) | 1,797,479 | 4,800,000 | 4.1 | % | 100.0 | % | 54.0 | % * Less than 1% (1) | Unless otherwise set forth in the footnotes below, the mailing address of each beneficial owner is Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., Post Office Box 2960, Jackson, MS 39207. (2) | The information as to beneficial ownership is based on information known to us or statements furnished to us by the beneficial owners. As used in this table, “beneficial ownership” has the meaning given in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), i.e., the sole or shared power to vote or to direct the voting of a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of a security). For purposes of this table, a person is deemed as of any date to have “beneficial ownership” of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of such date. (3) | Percentage of total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of our common stock and Class A common stock, voting together as a single class. Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote and each share of Class A common stock is entitled to ten votes. Shares of Class A common stock are automatically converted into common stock on a share per share basis in the event the beneficial or record ownership of any such share of Class A common stock is transferred to any person or entity other than the “Immediate Family Members” of our late founder and Chairman Emeritus, Mr. Fred R. Adams, Jr. or “Permitted Transferees,” as defined in our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed July 20, 2018. Each share of Class A common stock is convertible, at the option of its holder, into one share of common stock at any time. 5 (4) | Such shares are held of record by DLNL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Daughters’ LLC”). The members of the Daughters’ LLC are Mr. Baker, his spouse Dinnette Baker, and her three sisters (Mr. Adams’ four daughters). The Daughters’ LLC also holds the 1,309,245 shares of Class A Common Stock attributed by the Daughters’ LLC to Mr. Baker and the 1,090,755 shares of Class A Common Stock and 56,595 shares of common stock attributed by the Daughters’ LLC to Mr. Baker’s spouse, and these shares are reflected in Mr. Baker’s information in the table. (5) | Mr. Baker is Chairman of the Board, a director and a director nominee. The 586,731 shares of common stock includes (i) 287,683 shares of common stock, owned by Mr. Baker’s spouse separately as to which Mr. Baker disclaims beneficial ownership, (ii) 5,618 shares of common stock accumulated under his spouse’s KSOP account as to which Mr. Baker disclaims beneficial ownership, (iii) 147,385 shares of common stock accumulated under Mr. Baker’s KSOP account, (iv) 11,194 shares of unvested restricted common stock, and (v) 56,595 shares of common stock attributed by Daughter’s LLC to Mr. Baker’s spouse. The 2,400,000 shares of Class A common stock are held by the Daughters’ LLC. As sole managing member of the Daughters’ LLC, Mr. Baker controls the vote of 100% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock, except that certain extraordinary matters requiring the vote of the Company’s stockholders such as a merger or amendment of the Company’s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation require joint approval of Mr. Baker and members of the Daughters’ LLC holding a majority of its voting interests. Mr. Baker’s aggregate percentage of total voting power is 53.8%. (6) | Mr. Bowman is a director, a director nominee, and is our Vice President – Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary. Includes 1,323 shares of common stock accumulated under his KSOP account and 7,020 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (7) | Mr. Holladay is our Vice President – General Counsel. Includes 5,547 shares of common stock accumulated under his KSOP account and 6,463 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (8) | Ms. Hughes is a director and a director nominee. Includes 6,248 shares of unvested restricted common stock. Ms. Hughes has pledged an account that holds 37,322 shares of common stock as well as other assets to secure a line of credit. Ms. Hughes has established that she has the financial capacity, including the other assets in the account, to repay the line of credit without resorting to the pledged shares. (9) | Mr. Miller is a director, a director nominee, and is President and Chief Executive Officer. Includes 1,341 shares of common stock accumulated under his spouse’s KSOP account as to which Mr. Miller disclaims beneficial ownership, 5,152 shares of common stock accumulated under Mr. Miller’s KSOP account, and 8,227 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (10) | Mr. Poole is a director and a director nominee. Includes 311 shares of common stock owned through Mr. Poole’s individual retirement account and 6,248 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (11) | Mr. Sanders is a director and a director nominee. Includes 6,248 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (12) | Mr. Walters is Vice President – Operations and Chief Operating Officer. Includes 6,613 shares of common stock accumulated under Mr. Walters’ KSOP account, and 4,294 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (13) | Ms. Camille S. Young is a director and a director nominee. Includes 6,248 shares of unvested restricted common stock. (14) | This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 22, 2024, by BlackRock, Inc. (“BlackRock”). The Schedule 13G/A reports that BlackRock has sole voting power over 6,597,908 of such shares and sole dispositive power over 6,714,394 of such shares. BlackRock’s address is 50 Hudson Yards, New York, NY 10001. (15) | This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, by The Vanguard Group (“Vanguard”). The Schedule 13G/A reports that Vanguard has shared voting power over 74,163 of such shares, sole dispositive power over 4,654,752 of such shares, and shared dispositive power over 116,903 of such shares. Vanguard’s address is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355. (16) | This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2024 by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (“Dimensional”). The Schedule 13G reports that Dimensional has sole voting power over 2,384,126 shares and sole dispositive power over 2,438,372 shares. Dimensional’s address is 6300 Bee Cave Road, Building One, Austin, TX 78746. (17) | Includes shares of common stock accumulated under the KSOP. Also includes shares of common stock as to which Messrs. Baker and Miller disclaim beneficial ownership, as described in Notes (5) and (9) above. A total of 173,618 shares of common stock accumulated in the KSOP for the benefit of the directors and executive officers named above and their spouses are included in the 1,936,761 shares shown in the table as owned by the KSOP. 6 PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS Our bylaws provide that the number of directors shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors and that the number may not be less than three
 nor more than 12. The Board of Directors has fixed the number of directors at seven as of the date of the Annual Meeting. Unless otherwise specified, proxies will be voted FOR the election of the seven nominees named below to serve until the
 next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified. If, at the time of the Annual Meeting, any of the nominees named below is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxies will be voted for the
 election of such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may designate in their discretion, unless otherwise directed. The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nominating Committee, has designated Adolphus B. Baker, Max P. Bowman, Letitia C. Hughes,
 Sherman L. Miller, James E. Poole, Steve W. Sanders and Camille S. Young as nominees for election as directors of the Company at the Annual Meeting (each a “Nominee”). Each Nominee is currently a director of the Company and all Nominees have consented
 to being named as a nominee in this proxy statement and to serve as a director if elected. However, if any Nominee is unable or unwilling to take office at the Annual Meeting, your proxy may be voted in favor of another person or other persons
 nominated by the Board of Directors. If elected, each Nominee will serve until the expiration of his/her term at the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his/her successor is elected and qualified or until his/her earlier death, resignation or
 removal from office. Under our bylaws, our directors are elected by a plurality of votes cast. For more information on the voting requirements, see “Voting Shares—Election
 of Directors” above. The Board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the seven Nominees. 7 DIRECTOR NOMINEES Below is biographical information about each of our Nominees, including information regarding tenure as a
 director, business experience and qualifications, education and other company directorships. In addition to the qualifications referred to below, see Corporate Governance – Skills Matrix for information regarding the specific skills of each of our
 Nominees. Adolphus B. Baker Chairman, Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
67 | 1991 | • Executive (Chair) • Nominating (Chair) | Trustmark Corporation and Trustmark National Bank Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Adolphus B. Baker serves as Company Chairman of the Board. He was elected as chairman of the board in 2012. Previously, Mr. Baker served as Company Chief Executive Officer from 2010 to September 30, 2022, President from 2010 to 2018, and as Chief Operations Officer from 1997 to 2010. Mr. Baker served as Company Vice President and Director of Marketing from 1987 to 2010 after earning his promotion from his prior position as Company Assistant to the President in 1987. Mr. Baker joined Cal-Maine Foods in 1986. Mr. Baker has guided Cal-Maine Foods’ emergence as the largest producer and distributor of fresh shell eggs and egg products in the United States. During his tenure, the Company has identified, acquired and successfully integrated 25 companies that have driven enterprise growth. Mr. Baker was also instrumental in delivering the Company’s 1996 initial public offering and Nasdaq listing (Nasdaq: CALM). Mr. Baker’s focus on prudential growth helped drive net sales of $293 million in fiscal 1997 to the Company’s highest net sales of $3.1 billion in fiscal 2023. He helped the Company align enterprise production, sales and distribution capabilities to generate annual sales volumes in excess of one billion dozen shell eggs, which represent about 21% of current United States domestic shell egg consumption. Mr. Baker has helped expand the Company’s total addressable market through our growth strategies. Notably, Mr. Baker has supervised the installation of an asset base that helps the Company provide a spectrum of food choices across product categories. As Chairman of the Board, Mr. Baker remains actively involved in managing the Company, with a focus on strategy, capital allocation, advising the senior management team and leading the Board. Mr. Baker also leverages his deep experience and diverse skillset to advise the Company on its engagement with stakeholders. Mr. Baker currently serves on the Board of Directors of Eggland’s Best, Inc., and the board of managers of Eggland’s Best, LLC. He previously served as Chairman of the American Egg Board, United Egg Producers, Egg Clearinghouse, Inc. and the Mississippi Poultry Association. He has also previously served as a Director of United Egg Producers. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Trustmark Corporation and its subsidiary, Trustmark National Bank. Mr. Baker earned a Bachelor of Business Administration from Mississippi State University in 1980. He is the son-in-law of the late Fred R. Adams, Jr., the Company’s founder. The Board believes that Mr. Baker’s highly informed view of Company operations, his depth and breadth of experience and his continued poultry industry engagement qualify him to serve on the Board. 8 Max P. Bowman Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
64 | 2018 | • Executive | None Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Mr. Bowman has served as Company Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 5, 2018, when he was elected to the Board. Mr. Bowman also serves as treasurer and secretary. He joined the Company in June 2018 as Vice President, Finance. Mr. Bowman is a Certified Public Accountant who has extensive experience leading corporate finance and accounting, financial reporting, risk management and merger and acquisition efforts. Mr. Bowman is responsible for the Company’s business line finance group, accounting and financial reporting, corporate development, financial planning and analysis, human capital, information technology, investor relations, risk management and sustainability functions. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Bowman served as Chief Financial Officer of Southern States Utility Trailer Sales and H&P Leasing from 2014 to 2018. In 2003, Mr. Bowman co-founded Tenax, LLC, a holding company for Tenax Aerospace, a special-mission aircraft-leasing company. At Tenax, Mr. Bowman served as chief executive officer, chief financial officer and president. From 1985 to 2002, Mr. Bowman served in progressive roles of responsibility at ChemFirst, Inc. (NYSE: CEM), a diversified global agricultural, intermediate and fine chemical manufacturer and provider of electronic materials and chemicals to the semiconductor industry that was previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Mr. Bowman was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of ChemFirst in 1997 and served in this role until ChemFirst was sold to DuPont Co in December 2002. Previously, Mr. Bowman began working at Arthur Andersen & Company in 1982 and was serving as a Senior Auditor when he left the firm in 1985. Mr. Bowman’s earlier board service includes Tenax and WGS Systems. He earned a Bachelor of Accountancy Degree from Mississippi State University. The Board believes that Mr. Bowman’s extensive experience in managing the finance divisions of public and private companies and successful dealmaking track record qualify him to serve on the Board. 9 Letitia C. Hughes Retired Senior Vice President, Trustmark National Bank
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
72 | 2001 | • Audit (Chair) • Compensation • Long-Term Incentive Plan • Nominating | None Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Letitia C. Hughes was elected to the Board as an independent director in 2001. Ms. Hughes retired as Senior Vice President and Manager of Private Banking at Trustmark National Bank in Jackson, Mississippi, in 2014 after more than forty years of service as a private wealth management expert, industry vertical banker and credit analyst. During her career, Ms. Hughes earned progressively more senior roles tied to financial services, human capital management and technology management, among other capabilities. She served as a subject matter expert for customer privacy, bank secrecy and anti-money laundering governance initiatives. Ms. Hughes also helped the bank develop standards for measuring progress against key legal, compliance and performance objectives. Ms. Hughes most recently served as Senior Vice President at Trustmark. She focused her career on private banking from 1995 until her retirement. Ms. Hughes helped high net-worth individuals and their families meet their financial goals by providing holistic wealth planning capabilities, including financial analysis, real estate and portfolio management solutions and insurance, tax and trust-planning services. Between 1980 and 1995, Ms. Hughes served as a relationship manager for small- and medium-size corporate clients and offered merger and acquisition advisory services in addition to loan-origination capabilities across industry verticals, including manufacturing, food processing and heavy equipment leasing and finance, among others. In 1975, Ms. Hughes was promoted to a generalist credit analyst role dedicated to support the bank’s risk management efforts. She began her career with Trustmark in 1974 as a management trainee. During her career, Ms. Hughes maintained active Series 6, Series 7 and Series 63 licenses. Ms. Hughes continues to contribute to community organizations, including serving in a number of leadership and advisory roles in the Jackson, Mississippi, area. Notably, she previously served as President of the Junior League of Jackson, Mississippi. Ms. Hughes has served on the Board of Trustees of Methodist Rehabilitation Center (“MRC”) in Jackson since 2007. Since 2012, she has also supported the MRC’s Wilson Research Foundation, which is devoted to build a research and education program to advance the clinical practice of neurorehabilitation, with board service and Investment Committee participation and oversight. Ms. Hughes earned her B.S. in Math from Vanderbilt University in 1974. The Board believes that Ms. Hughes’ broad audit, finance and banking experience, in addition to her general knowledge of the Company’s operating environment, qualify her to serve on the Board. 10 Sherman L. Miller President and Chief Executive Officer, Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
49 | 2012 | • Executive | None Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Mr. Miller was elected to the Board in 2012. He has served as Company President since 2018 and was elected as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) on September 30, 2022. Mr. Miller previously served as Chief Operating Officer from 2011 to March 24, 2023. Mr. Miller has devoted his professional career to the Company since joining in 1996, including by serving in various positions of increasing responsibility in operations prior to his promotion to Company Vice President, Operations, in 2007. Mr. Miller is a widely recognized animal protein industry expert. He brings extensive experience in attracting and retaining the talent base necessary to support the Company’s strategy of growing by acquisition and integration, in addition to organic growth. Since 2011, Mr. Miller has maintained primary responsibility for commodity sourcing and procurement as well as operational logistics that support distribution. Mr. Miller brings a deep understanding of the regulatory landscape that governs how safe, quality food is produced, processed and brought to market. He is primarily responsible for upholding Company risk policies tied to food safety, environmental management and animal welfare. Mr. Miller’s current and prior board service includes contributions to the United Egg Producers, the U.S. Poultry and Egg Association and the Mississippi State University Poultry Science Advisory Board, among others. He earned his B.S. in Poultry Science from Mississippi State University, where he currently serves as the Distinguished Fellow for the Department of Poultry Science. As CEO, Mr. Miller is a proven leader in managing our business through the various market cycles that are characteristic of our industry. He leverages his operational experience with a strategic vision to focus on effective operations and execution of the Company’s growth strategy. The Board believes that Mr. Miller’s recognized and substantial industry experience, track record of innovation and successful execution of the Company’s strategies for the benefit of its customers qualify him to serve on the Board. 11 James E. Poole Retired Founder and Managing Partner, GranthamPoole
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
75 | 2004 | • Audit • Compensation (Chair) • Long-Term Incentive Plan (Chair) • Nominating | None Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
James E. Poole was elected to the Board as an independent director in 2004. Mr. Poole is a Certified Public Accountant who retired in 2013 as a Principal of GranthamPoole, a public accounting firm he co-founded in 1999. GranthamPoole grew into one of the southeastern United States’ largest regional accounting firms, driven largely by the firm’s recognized expertise designing audit, ethics and governance programs for clients. Mr. Poole’s service to the firm included Management Committee membership and senior partner and principal roles. Mr. Poole’s practice focused on identifying clients’ key business risks and helping them integrate liability management and insurance strategies into growth-focused operating cultures. He also supervised the expansion of the firm’s merger and acquisitions and tax-consulting practices. Prior to co-founding GranthamPoole, Mr. Poole founded James E. Poole, CPA, a public accounting firm, in 1985. Under his leadership, the firm quickly scaled its valuation and merger and advisory practices on behalf of corporate clients pursuing growth, among other specialty areas. Previously, Mr. Poole co-founded Mississippi Mortgage Company, a company focused on low-income housing mortgage origination and syndication. He also built other businesses, including a real estate company focused on residential development in the Florida panhandle in addition to a business dedicated to oil and gas exploration. A native of Oxford, Mississippi, Mr. Poole earned a Bachelor of Business Administration with a major in Accounting from University of Mississippi in 1972. He is very well-known for his contributions to the Ole Miss football team as a standout player. Mr. Poole is also active in the community. He previously volunteered for Kairos Prison Ministries, an organization devoted to serve incarcerated men, women and youth and assist those who have been impacted by incarceration. He previously served on the ministry’s Central Mississippi Board of Directors. The Board believes that Mr. Poole’s extensive audit and financial experience, risk management expertise, successful track record of business development and broad knowledge of the general business climate where the Company operates qualify him for service on the Board. 12 Steve W. Sanders Retired Managing Partner Ernst & Young
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
78 | 2009 | • Audit • Compensation • Long-Term Incentive Plan • Nominating | None Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Steve W. Sanders was elected to the Board as an independent director in 2009. Mr. Sanders is a Certified Public Accountant who retired as Managing Partner of the Ernst & Young LLP, Jackson, Mississippi, office after more than 30 years of service. Mr. Sanders has extensive audit, merger and acquisition accounting and valuation-advisory experience. In his practice, Mr. Sanders advised private companies searching for bolt-on acquisitions and engaging in initial public offerings. Mr. Sanders also has broad experience providing industry verticals with audit services and various acquisition audits and related services. Mr. Sanders was promoted to partner at Ernst & Young in 1986. During his tenure, Mr. Sanders was increasingly responsible for human capital management, including hiring, retention and client-side staffing for the Jackson, Mississippi, office. He also supervised the Jackson, Mississippi, office’s ethics, legal and regulatory compliance prior to his retirement in 2002 as Managing Partner. Mr. Sanders’ early career included experience working part-time at a poultry company, which gave him insight into the poultry industry’s operating needs. Mr. Sanders served as a Lecturer at the Richard C. Adkerson School of Accountancy at Mississippi State University, where he taught accounting and auditing courses from 2003 until his retirement in 2017. His previous board service includes a directorship of Valley Services, Inc., a privately held national contract food services manager, from 2002 until Elior North America acquired the business in 2012. Mr. Sanders’ community activities include service as Chairman of the Finance Committee of the Broadmoor Baptist Church in Madison, Mississippi. Mr. Sanders earned his B.S. of Accountancy at Mississippi State University in 1968 and Masters in Business Administration in 1969. The Board believes that Mr. Sanders’ extensive audit, accounting and finance experience, in addition to his human capital management and leadership record, qualify him to serve on the Board. 13 Camille S. Young Principal and Director, Cornerstone Government Affairs
Age | Director Since | Committees | Other Public Company Directorships
51 | 2021 | • Audit • Compensation • Long-Term Incentive Plan • Nominating | Mississippi Power Company Business Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Camille S. Young was elected to the Board as an independent director in 2021. Ms. Young brings more than twenty years of government affairs experience with Mississippi’s elected state and local government officials. Ms. Young maintains deep relationships with business leaders and community influencers nationally and across the state of Mississippi. She deploys her issue expertise and relationships to help clients navigate policies, create and drive effective advocacy campaigns, utilize business and development opportunities and craft successful public affairs efforts. In her practice, Ms. Young also helps clients pursue mergers and acquisitions, navigate supply chain complexities and manage value chain risks. Ms. Young currently serves as Principal and Director of Cornerstone Government Affairs, a full-service, bipartisan consulting firm specializing in federal and state government relations, public affairs and strategic communications and advisory services. At Cornerstone, Mr. Young co-chairs the firm’s Diversity and Inclusion Working Group. Ms. Young joined the firm in 2011. Previously, Ms. Young served as a government affairs representative with one of Mississippi’s leading law firms, Watkins Ludlam Winter & Stennis, from 2001 to 2011, where she was a member of the Government Affairs practice group. She was responsible for managing clients’ legislative advocacy, public affairs and community relations efforts. Prior to joining Watkins Ludlam, Ms. Young served the Mississippi Farm Bureau Federation for five years in various roles as a communications specialist, director of media relations and a government relations specialist. She also held a position with the United States Department of Agriculture as an outreach and public affairs specialist. Ms. Young serves as a member of the inaugural Diversity and Inclusion Committee of the Madison County Business League and Foundation in Mississippi. She previously served as President of the Mississippi State University National Alumni Association, where, during her tenure, she helped drive increased participation by diverse members of the alumni base. Ms. Young has contributed to community activities such as the Greater Jackson Chamber Partnership Board of Directors, the Junior League of Jackson Sustainers Board of Directors, Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, and the Mississippi 4-H Foundation. Ms. Young’s public board service includes Mississippi Power Company, a subsidiary of Southern Company. She also serves on the board of privately-held BankFirst Financial Services. Ms. Young earned her B.A. in Communication and M.S. in Agriculture & Extension Education from Mississippi State University. The Board believes that Ms. Young’s extensive human capital, government and regulatory relations, risk management and strategic planning experience qualify her to serve on the Board. 14 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY The following information sets forth the name, age, principal
 occupation and business experience during the last five years of each of the current executive officers of the Company. The executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board. ADOLPHUS B. BAKER , age 67, is Chairman of the Board. See
 previous description under “Director Nominees.” SHERMAN L. MILLER , age 49, is President, Chief Executive
 Officer and a director. See previous description under “Director Nominees.” MAX P. BOWMAN , age 64, is Vice President, Chief Financial
 Officer, Treasurer and Secretary and a director. See previous description under “Director Nominees.” ROBERT L. HOLLADAY, JR. , age 48, is Vice President – General
 Counsel. Mr. Holladay joined the Company and was appointed to this position in 2011. MICHAEL T. WALTERS , age 53, is Vice President – Operations and
 Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Walters has served as a Vice President since July 11, 2011. He was appointed as Chief Operating Officer by the Board on March 24, 2023. SCOTT D. HULL, age 37, is Vice President – Sales. Mr. Hull
 assumed the executive officer role on April 4, 2024 and has served as Vice President - Sales since October 1, 2021. Prior to that time, Mr. Hull served as National Sales Manager from September 2016. Mr. Hull previously served as a general manager at
 the Company’s Louisburg, North Carolina, location before joining the sales team in 2014. He has been with the Company since 2009. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Meetings and Attendance Our Board of Directors holds regularly scheduled quarterly meetings
 and may hold special meetings each year. Normally, committee meetings occur the day of the Board meeting. At each quarterly Board meeting, time is set aside for the independent directors to meet without management present. Our Board held four
 regularly scheduled quarterly meetings, six special meetings, and took action by written consent twice during fiscal year 2024. All of our directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of all Board of Directors meetings and meetings of the
 committees on which they served during their tenure in office in the last fiscal year. Directors are encouraged to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and all directors then in office attended the 2023 Annual Meeting. Board Committees Our Board has five standing committees: an Audit Committee, a
 Compensation Committee, an Executive Committee, a Long-Term Incentive Plan Committee (“LTIP Committee”) and a Nominating Committee. In addition, under our bylaws our Board may designate additional committees as it deems appropriate. In select
 instances, the Board and its committees may take action through written consent. The Audit and Compensation Committees have written charters which are available on the “Investor Relations – Corporate Governance” page of our website at
 www.calmainefoods.com. The Executive, Long-Term Incentive Plan, and Nominating Committees do not have charters. The table below provides the current composition for each of the Board’s standing committees. Director | Audit | Compensation | Executive | Long-Term Incentive Plan | Nominating
Adolphus B. Baker | Chair | Chair
Max P. Bowman | Member
Letitia C. Hughes | Chair | Member | Member | Member
Sherman L. Miller | Member
James E. Poole | Member | Chair | Chair | Member
Steve W. Sanders | Member | Member | Member | Member
Camille S. Young | Member | Member | Member | Member 15 Audit Committee: The Audit Committee,
 which is composed of four directors who are independent in accordance with applicable Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules, including the enhanced criteria with respect to audit committee members, meets with management, internal auditors, and the
 Company’s independent registered public accounting firm to oversee the adequacy of internal controls, recommends a registered public accounting firm for the Company to select, evaluates and oversees an internal auditor for the Company, reviews annual
 audited and quarterly financial statements and recommends whether such statements should be included in the Company’s annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and oversees financial matters. The Audit Committee held four
 regular scheduled meetings in fiscal year 2024. Compensation Committee: The
 Compensation Committee is also composed of four directors who are independent in accordance with applicable Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules. The Compensation Committee discharges the responsibilities of the Board of Directors relating to
 compensation of the Company’s executive officers by establishing goals and reviewing general policy matters relating to compensation and benefits of employees of the Company, including the issuance of equity awards to the Company’s officers,
 employees and directors. It reviews and approves the compensation and benefits of officers who are members of the Executive Committee and makes recommendations to the Board of Directors and members of the LTIP Committee with respect to the Company’s
 incentive compensation plans and equity-based plans. For more information on the Compensation Committee processes and procedures, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” below. The Compensation Committee held two regular scheduled quarterly
 meetings in fiscal year 2024. Executive Committee: The Executive
 Committee may exercise all of the powers of the full Board of Directors, except for certain major actions, such as the adoption of an agreement of merger or consolidation, the recommendation to stockholders of the disposition of substantially all of
 the Company’s assets or a dissolution of the Company, and the declaration of a dividend or authorization of an issuance of stock. It may not authorize single capital expenditure projects in excess of $10 million. The Executive Committee did not hold
 any formal meetings in fiscal year 2024, but worked closely together and took action by written consent seven times. Long-Term Incentive Plan Committee: The
 LTIP Committee, which is composed of four independent directors, administers the Amended and Restated Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan, which includes selection of the persons to whom awards may be made, determining the
 types of awards, determining the times at which awards will be made and other terms and conditions relating to awards, all in accordance with plan documents. The LTIP Committee held two meetings in fiscal year 2024. Nominating Committee: The Nominating
 Committee considers potential director nominees proposed by committee members, other members of the Board of Directors, management or our stockholders. Any stockholder desiring to submit a director candidate for consideration should submit the
 candidate’s name, address and detailed background information to the Secretary of the Company at the Company’s address shown above under “General Matters.” The Secretary will forward such information to the Nominating Committee for its consideration.
 The Nominating Committee held one meeting in fiscal year 2024. Consideration of Director
 Nominees In recommending nominees for the Board, the Nominating
 Committee considers any specific criteria the Board may request from time to time and such other factors as it deems appropriate. These factors may include any special training or skill, experience with businesses and other organizations of
 comparable size and type, experience or knowledge with businesses that are particularly relevant to the Company’s current or future business plans, financial expertise, the interplay of the candidate’s experience with the experience of the other
 directors, sufficient time to devote to the responsibilities of a director, freedom from conflicts of interest or legal issues and the extent to which, in the Nominating Committee’s opinion, the candidate would be a desirable addition to the Board.
 Diversity is taken into account when determining how the candidates’ qualities and attributes would complement the other directors’ backgrounds. Type of advanced studies and certification, type of industry experience, area of corporate experience,
 race, ethnicity, and gender, among other factors, are taken into consideration. The Nominating Committee believes that the different business and educational backgrounds of the directors of the Board contribute to the overall insight necessary to
 evaluate matters coming before the Board. Each candidate brought to the attention of the
 Nominating Committee, regardless of who recommended such candidate, will be considered on the basis of the criteria set forth above. 16 Skills and Experience The following table notes the breadth and variety of
 business experience that each of Nominees brings to the Company and which enable the Board to provide insightful leadership to the Company We believe that our directors have suitable and diverse skill sets that align with our industry and business
 strategy. Our Nominating Committee will review these skill areas periodically to help ensure they represent the current and anticipated future needs of our business. CAL-MAINE FOODS BOARD OF DIRECTORS CHARACTERISTICS
BAKER | BOWMAN | HUGHES | MILLER | POOLE | SANDERS | YOUNG
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Audit & risk management | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Financial reporting | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Governance & ethics oversight | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Human capital management | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Industry experience | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Information & cyber security | ✓ | ✓
Legal compliance & regulatory relations | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Mergers & acquisitions | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Product quality & innovation | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Strategy & planning | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Supply chain & procurement | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
Sustainability governance | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓
BOARD INDEPENDENCE AND DEMOGRAPHICS
Independent | N | N | Y | N | Y | Y | Y
Age | 67 | 64 | 72 | 49 | 75 | 78 | 51
Gender | M | M | F | M | M | M | F
Race | White | White | White | White | White | White | Black 17 Board Diversity The table below provides certain highlights of the composition of our
 Nominees. Each of the categories listed in the below table has the meaning as it is used in Nasdaq Rule 5605(f). BOARD DIVERSITY MATRIX AS OF AUGUST 22, 2024
Total Number of Directors | 7
Did Not Disclose Gender
Female | Male | Non-Binary
Part I: Gender Identity
Directors | 2 | 5
Part II: Demographic Background
African American or Black | 1
Alaskan Native or Native American
Asian
Hispanic or Latinx
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander
White | 1 | 5
Two or More Races or Ethnicities
LGBTQ+
Did Not Disclose Demographic Background Stockholder Communications Stockholders may send communications to the Board by directing them to
 the Secretary in the manner described above under “General Matters.” The Secretary will forward to all members of the Board any such communications he receives which, in his reasonable judgment, he deems to be not spurious and to be sent in good
 faith. Strategy Oversight The Board is responsible for oversight of strategic planning of the
 Company. The Board plays an integral role in development of Company strategy and coordination with management of the execution of that strategy. The Board also identifies and oversees the management of the Company’s long-term goals. Risk Oversight The Board takes its oversight role in the Company’s risk management
 very seriously. The Board does not have a standing risk management committee, but rather administers this oversight function directly through the Board as a whole, as well as through various Board standing committees that address risks inherent in
 their respective areas of oversight. The Company’s Executive Committee is primarily responsible for
 managing the day-to-day risks of the Company’s business and is best equipped to assess and manage those risks. The Audit Committee also plays a prominent role in assessing and addressing risks faced by the Company with respect to financial and
 accounting controls, internal audit functions, pending or threatened legal matters, insurance coverage and the Company’s “whistleblower” hotline policy, among other matters. The Board and the Audit Committee receive reports on the Company’s exposure
 to risk and its risk management practices from members of the Executive Committee as well as other members of the Company’s management and legal counsel, including reports on the Company’s information technology standards and safeguards, financial
 and accounting controls and security measures, environmental compliance, bio-security and animal health, food safety, human resources, litigation and other legal matters, grain purchasing strategies, and customer concentration and product mix, among
 other things. For additional information about the Company’s processes for managing risks from cybersecurity threats and the Board’s oversight of such risks, see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2024, Part I. Item 1C. Cybersecurity. The
 Board regularly receives updates about and reassesses the management of the Company’s risks throughout the year. The Board and the Audit Committee also review the Company’s risk disclosures in its draft periodic reports before they are filed and have
 the opportunity to question management and outside advisers about the risks presented. In addition, the Compensation Committee assesses whether the Company’s incentive compensation arrangements encourage unnecessary or excessive risk-taking and
 evaluate compensation policies and practices that could mitigate any such risk. 18 The Board’s role in risk oversight of the Company is consistent with
 the Company’s leadership structure, with the Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management having responsibility for assessing and managing the Company’s risk exposure on a day-to-day basis, and the Board and its committees providing
 oversight in connection with those efforts. The Board’s oversight of risks affecting the Company has not
 specifically affected the Board’s leadership structure. The Board believes that its current leadership structure is conducive to and appropriate for its risk oversight function. If in the future the Board believes that a change in its leadership
 structure is required to, or potentially could, improve the Board’s risk oversight function, it may make any change it deems appropriate. Sustainability Our Board oversees our sustainability efforts, including topics that
 we believe are of interest to our stakeholders. You can read more about our sustainability efforts and standards in our most recent Sustainability Report, available in the “Investor Relations – Sustainability – Reports” section of our website at
 www.calmainefoods.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this proxy statement. Stock Ownership Guidelines The Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines applicable to the
 Company’s non-employee directors. Under the guidelines, each non-employee director is encouraged to maintain ownership of Company stock valued at two times his or her annual retainer, which is currently $45,000. Under the stock ownership guidelines,
 new directors are expected to comply with the stock ownership target within five years of appointment. All of our non-employee directors are currently in compliance with the guidelines. Board Independence and Impact of “Controlled
 Company” Status Nasdaq’s qualitative listing standards require that a majority of a
 listed company’s directors be independent and that a compensation committee and nominating committee of the Board composed solely of independent directors be established. These standards are not applicable to any company where more than 50% of the
 voting power for the election of directors is held by one individual or group. Fred R. Adams, Jr., our Founder and Chairman Emeritus, died on March 29, 2020. A limited liability company (the “Daughters’ LLC”), owned by Mr. Adams’ son-in-law, Mr.
 Baker, Mr. Baker’s spouse and her three sisters (Mr. Adams’ four daughters) (collectively, the “Family”), owns 100% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock (which has 10 votes per share), controlling approximately 52.0% of our total voting power. As
 sole managing member of the Daughters’ LLC, Mr. Baker controls the vote of 100% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock, except that certain extraordinary matters requiring the vote of the Company’s stockholders such as a merger or amendment of the
 Company’s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation require joint approval of Mr. Baker and members of the Daughters’ LLC holding a majority of its voting interests. Family members also have additional voting power due to beneficial
 ownership of our Common Stock (which has one vote per share), directly or indirectly through the Daughter’s LLC and other entities, resulting in family voting control of approximately 53.8% of our total voting power. Accordingly, the Company is a
 “controlled company” and thus exempt from those Nasdaq listing standards. As executive officers of the Company, Messrs. Baker, Bowman and Miller
 do not qualify as independent pursuant to the Nasdaq listing standards, if elected. Additionally, Mr. Baker serves as chair of the Nominating Committee. Our Board determined that, under the Nasdaq listing standards, the following director nominees
 are independent: Ms. Hughes, Mr. Poole, Mr. Sanders and Ms. Young. Notwithstanding the Company’s status as a controlled company and
 although not required, a majority of the directors on our Board are independent in accordance with the Nasdaq listing standards applicable to non-controlled companies and the governance policies of certain institutional investors and advisory groups,
 and our Compensation Committee includes only independent directors. 19 The Company is, however, subject to the Nasdaq listing standards
 requiring that the Audit Committee (i) be composed solely of independent directors; (ii) be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm, which must report
 directly to the audit committee; (iii) establish procedures to receive, retain, and treat complaints regarding accounting, internal accounting controls and auditing matters, and for employees’ confidential, anonymous submissions of concerns regarding
 questionable accounting or auditing matters; (iv) have the authority to engage independent counsel and other advisors when the committee determines such outside advice is necessary; and (v) be adequately funded by the Company. Our Audit Committee is
 in compliance with these standards. In addition, our Board has determined that all of the members of the Audit Committee satisfy Nasdaq’s enhanced independence and other criteria applicable to audit committee members and that each of Ms. Hughes and
 Messrs. Poole and Sanders qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as such term is defined by the rules of the SEC. Executive Sessions The Company is also subject to Nasdaq’s listing standards that require
 the independent directors of the Board to have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Such meetings were held following each regular meeting of the Board during fiscal year 2024. Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Nasdaq qualitative listing standards require companies to adopt a code
 of business conduct and ethics applicable to all directors, officers and employees that is in compliance with certain provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related SEC rules. Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is posted on the
 “Investor Relations—Corporate Governance” page of our website at www.calmainefoods.com . Board Leadership Structure Mr. Baker, who previously served also as our Chief Executive Officer,
 serves as Chairman of the Board. On September 30, 2022, Mr. Miller was named our Chief Executive Officer. The Board recognizes that the leadership structure and the decision to combine or separate the roles of the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 of the Board are prompted by the Company’s needs at any point in time. The Company’s leadership structure has varied over time and has included combining and separating these roles. As a result, the Board has not established a firm policy requiring
 combination or separation of these leadership roles and the Company’s governing documents do not mandate a particular structure. This provides the Board with flexibility to establish the most appropriate structure for the Company at any given time.
 However, the Board has determined that the Company benefits from Mr. Miller serving as Chief Executive Officer while Mr. Baker continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Miller has a great understanding of the Company through his operational
 experience and the Board recognized the value of his expertise and strategic vision to the Company. Mr. Baker’s service as Chairman of the Board aids the Board’s decision-making process because he has firsthand knowledge of the Company’s operations
 and the major issues facing the Company, and he chairs the Board meetings where the Board discusses strategic and business issues. The Board also considers the above structure appropriate due to the
 Company’s status as a “controlled company.” Further, due to the relatively small size of the Board and the fact that a majority of the members of the Board are independent directors, the Board has not felt it necessary to designate a lead independent
 director. Related-Party Transactions We are the largest producer and distributor of shell eggs in the
 United States. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars for third-party goods and services annually, with the authority to purchase such goods and services dispersed among many different officers and managers across the United States. Consequently,
 there may be transactions and business arrangements with businesses and other organizations in which one of our directors or nominees, executive officers, or their immediate families, or a greater than 5% owner of either class of our capital stock,
 may also be a director, executive officer, or investor, or have some other direct or indirect material interest. We may refer to these relationships generally as related-party transactions. 20 Related-party transactions have the potential to create actual or
 perceived conflicts of interest between the Company and its directors and executive officers or their immediate family members. The Company’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct prohibits directors, officers and employees of the Company from engaging
 in transactions which may create or appear to create a conflict of interest without disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances to, and obtaining the prior written approval of, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. The
 General Counsel reports at least annually to the Audit Committee concerning any such disclosures. The Nasdaq listing standards require that related-party transactions be reviewed for potential conflicts of interest on an ongoing basis by the
 Company’s Audit Committee or another independent committee of the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee usually reviews and approves such transactions. While the Audit Committee has no specific written policy and procedures for review and approval
 of related-party transactions, in the past if a related-party transaction involved a director, executive officer, or their immediate family members, in evaluating such transaction the Audit Committee has considered, among other factors: • | the goods or services provided by or to the related party, • | the nature of the transaction and the costs to be incurred by the Company or payments to the Company,
• | the benefits associated with the proposed transaction and whether alternative goods or services are available from unrelated parties, • | the advantages the Company would gain by engaging in the transaction, • | whether the terms of the transaction are fair to the Company and arms-length in nature, • | the materiality of the transaction to the Company and to the related party, and • | management’s determination that the transaction is in the best interests of the Company. No reportable related-party transactions have taken place since the
 beginning of fiscal year 2024, and none are currently proposed. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers and directors,
 and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership concerning their shares of our common stock with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of all Section
 16(a) forms they file. We are required to disclose delinquent filings of reports by such persons. Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, Forms 4, and Forms 5 furnished
 to us pursuant to Rule 16a-3 under the Exchange Act, we believe that all such forms required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal 2024 were timely filed by the officers, directors, and security holders required to
 file such forms except that Mr. Baker filed one late Form 4 on January 16, 2024 with respect to stock donations that occurred on December 7, 2023. COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS This compensation discussion and analysis describes and analyzes our
 executive compensation philosophy and program in the context of the compensation paid during the last fiscal year to our named executive officers. Our named executive officers for fiscal year 2024 are listed below: • | Adolphus B. Baker, Chairman of the Board; • | Sherman L. Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer; • | Max P. Bowman, Vice President – Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary; • | Robert L. Holladay, Jr., Vice President – General Counsel; and • | Michael T. Walters, Vice President – Operations and Chief Operating Officer. Compensation Philosophy and Process We believe we are one of only two publicly held companies in the
 United States whose primary business is the commercial production, processing and sale of shell eggs. Accordingly, there is little public information available regarding the compensation paid by our competitors. It is our intent to compensate our
 employees at a level that will appropriately reward them for their performance, minimize the number of employees leaving our employment because of inadequate compensation, and enable us to attract sufficient talent as our business expands. We are a controlled company as defined in Rule 5615(c)(1) of the
 Nasdaq listing rules. Although not required, our Compensation Committee is composed solely of independent directors. We divide our executive officers into two categories for compensation purposes. The first are members of the Executive Committee of
 our Board of Directors, which during fiscal year 2024 was composed of Messrs. Baker, Bowman, and Miller, and also includes our General Counsel, Mr. Holladay. The compensation of the members of the Executive Committee and Mr. Holladay is approved by
 the Compensation Committee, after recommendation by the Executive Committee. The compensation for other executive officers is determined by the Executive Committee based on the overall compensation goals and guidance established by the Compensation
 Committee. Finally, equity awards for all executive officers are approved by the LTIP Committee, which is composed entirely of independent directors. 21 Compensation Practices and Risks We do not believe any risks arise from the Company’s compensation
 policies and practices that are likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Elements of Compensation During fiscal 2024, our executive compensation program had the
 following primary components: base salary, an annual cash bonus and equity compensation in the form of restricted share awards (“RSAs”). Our named executive officers received certain perquisites and certain of our named executive officers participate
 in our deferred compensation plan. The tables that follow give details as to the compensation of each of our named executive officers for fiscal year 2024. Base Salary We believe that base salaries, which provide fixed compensation,
 should meet the objective of attracting and retaining the executive officers needed to manage our business successfully. Base salary adjustments, if any, are approved in December of each year and become effective January 1 st of the following calendar year. After consideration of the review of peer company compensation prepared in 2022 by Mercer (US) Inc. (“Mercer”), a compensation consulting firm engaged by our
 Compensation Committee, which review indicated that the base salaries of our executive officers lagged behind the 25 th percentile of our peer group, the Compensation
 Committee approved base salary increases effective January 1, 2024 for the members of the Executive Committee as follows: Mr. Baker – no increase, Mr. Miller – 7%, Mr. Bowman – 4% and Mr. Holladay – 4%. In connection with his promotion to Chief
 Operations Officer in March 2023, the Executive Committee approved a base salary increase for Mr. Walters of 20%. Following these increases, the base salaries of our named executive officers continue to remain below the 25th percentile of our peer
 group based on Mercer’s most recent peer company compensation reviews. See “Benchmarking of Compensation” below for information regarding recent updates to the Mercer report. Annual Cash Bonus Executive Committee Members and General Counsel Bonus Programs For members of our Executive Committee and Mr. Holladay, the annual
 bonus program is a variable, at-risk component of compensation designed to reward these officers for maximizing annual Company performance. The Executive Committee recommends bonuses for its members and Mr. Holladay, and the Compensation Committee
 reviews these recommendations and makes the final determination as to bonus awards. Although these bonus awards are not based on objective metrics or goals, our Company’s profitability has historically been the most significant item in determining
 bonus amounts for the Executive Committee members and Mr. Holladay. Mr. Walters participates in the general bonus program applicable to our other officers and employees. For 2024, the Compensation Committee considered the Company’s profitability for
 2024 compared to 2023 and each individual’s workload and job performance in determining bonuses for the Executive Committee and Mr. Holladay for 2024. As reflected in the Summary Compensation Table on page 27, annual cash bonuses for 2024 were lower
 than the 2023 bonus awards given our record earnings and profitability in 2023. General Bonus Program Participants in our general bonus program are eligible to earn a bonus
 equal to 50% of the sum of the officer’s base salary plus such officer’s prior year’s bonus. This program is designed to reward both Company and individual performance during the year. Of the potential bonus that could be earned by Mr. Walters under this
 program, approximately 50% is based on our profitability. If we earn a minimum profit, on a pre-tax basis, of five cents per dozen eggs produced, Mr. Walters could earn the full portion of his bonus attributable to our profitability, subject to
 adjustment at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer. If our profit is less than five cents per dozen eggs produced, Mr. Walter’s bonus would be reduced by a corresponding percentage, again subject to adjustment at the discretion of our Chief
 Executive Officer. The remaining approximate 50% is based on individual performance as evaluated by our Chief Executive Officer in his discretion. For 2024, Mr. Miller’s evaluation included his personal assessment of the overall efficiency,
 effectiveness, cooperativeness, enthusiasm, judgment and attitude that Mr. Walters brings to the performance of his duties. Our Chief Executive Officer has the authority to adjust general bonuses under this program for our officers as deemed
 appropriate for competitive reasons or extraordinary circumstances or conditions, but no adjustments were made for 2024 for Mr. Walters. 22 Equity Compensation The Company believes it is essential to provide our named executive
 officers with a long-term equity component of compensation in order to better align their interests with those of the Company’s stockholders. Our named executive officers participate in our Amended and Restated
 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”). The 2012 Plan is administered by the LTIP Committee. On December 14, 2023, the LTIP Committee authorized grants of RSAs to a broad base of employees of the Company, including the named
 executive officers, which grants were effective January 12, 2024. The RSAs vest fully on the third anniversary of the date of grant, January 12, 2027. The Compensation Committee and LTIP Committee’s use of RSAs, the level of RSAs awarded to each
 named executive officer, and the vesting structure of such RSAs were based in large part on the Committees’ review and evaluation of Mercer’s 2022 peer company compensation review, comparisons to the Company’s peer group, and the Company’s overall
 compensation strategy and objectives. See the “Benchmarking of Compensation” and “Compensation Consultants” sections below. While the LTIP Committee has not developed formal policies concerning
 the timing of grants and other matters, its practice has been to authorize grants of restricted shares annually in mid-December, with the grants being effective the following January. Deferred Compensation Arrangements The Company maintains an unfunded and unsecured nonqualified deferred
 compensation plan (the “DC Plan”), in which all of our officers and certain other key members of management are eligible to participate, if selected by the Compensation Committee. The DC Plan allows each eligible participant to voluntarily defer a
 portion of his or her base salary and all or part of his or her annual bonus and provides for discretionary long-term incentive contributions that may be approved by the Compensation Committee. Under the DC Plan, each participant’s account under the
 DC Plan is credited or debited with investment gains or losses equal to certain hypothetical investments offered by the plan administrator and selected by the participant. Currently, all of our named executive officers other than Mr. Baker, who
 previously participated, participate in the DC Plan. For fiscal year 2024, the Company contribution for Messrs. Miller, Bowman, Holladay and Walters ranged from approximately 13%-17% of each officer’s base salary. Each participant is fully vested at
 all times in the participant’s elective deferrals. Unless otherwise determined by the plan administrator, Company contributions to each participant’s account become one hundred percent (100%) vested on December 31st of the fifth (5th) plan year
 following the year such contribution is credited to the plan, unless accelerated upon attainment of age sixty (60) with five years of service or a change of control of the Company. Upon retirement or separation from service, participants may elect to
 receive their distribution in a lump sum or in installments according to the election of the participant. The Compensation Committee determines which contributions, if any, will be made during December of each year. The contributions made for our
 named executive officers under the DC Plan are reflected in the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation” table in the “Compensation Tables” section below. Effective March 1, 2023, the Company adopted a non-qualified
 supplemental executive retirement plan (“SERP”) and a split dollar life insurance plan (“Split Dollar Plan”) designed to provide deferred compensation and a pre-retirement death benefit for a select group of management or highly compensated employees
 of the Company. Currently, Messrs. Miller, Bowman, and Holladay participate in these plans. Provided the vesting conditions are met, participants in the SERP are eligible to receive an aggregate retirement benefit of $500,000, which is paid in annual
 installments of $50,000 for 10 years. A participant becomes vested in the retirement benefit over five years of plan participation at 20% per year. If a participant becomes disabled, attains the retirement age of 65, or the Company experiences a
 change in control, vesting will be accelerated to 100%. If a participant dies while employed, he or she will not receive any benefits under the SERP, but their beneficiaries will instead be entitled to the life insurance benefit provided under the
 Split Dollar Plan, which is $500,000. 23 Employee Benefits and Perquisites While we do not maintain a pension plan, we do maintain the Cal-Maine
 Foods, Inc. KSOP (“KSOP”), which is a combination 401(k) and employee stock ownership plan. We currently contribute an amount not less than 3% of each participant’s base salary and bonus to the KSOP each year, subject to statutory limitations. All
 full-time employees 18 years of age or older with at least six months of service, including our named executive officers, are members of the KSOP. We also sponsor an elective 401(k) component within the KSOP, but we make no contributions directly to
 the 401(k) component on behalf of the participants. Each of our named executive officers participates in an enhanced health plan pursuant to which we reimburse the participating officer for eligible health expense not covered by our primary health
 plan, up to $10,000 per calendar year. In addition, we have a plan under which officers who meet minimum tenure qualifications will be provided health coverage after their retirement. The coverage we provide is secondary to their Medicare coverage. Each named executive officer, other than Mr. Holladay, is provided one
 automobile for which we pay the operating and maintenance costs. Mr. Holladay receives an auto allowance. We also pay club dues on behalf of certain of our named executive officers as determined by the Board of Directors and provide a housing
 allowance to Mr. Miller. In addition, during 2024 we reimbursed Mr. Walters for certain relocation expenses. Certain officers are provided individual life insurance policies, the
 premiums of which are paid by the Company. Historically, the Executive Committee has made the determination of which officers would be provided such benefit on a case-by-case basis. In addition, Mr. Baker and the Company are parties to a split-dollar
 life insurance arrangement. See the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table in the “Compensation Tables” section below for more detail on these benefits. General Matters Regarding Executive Compensation Employment Agreements and Severance and Change in Control Arrangements None of our named executive officers has an employment agreement with
 the Company. In addition, no named executive officer is entitled to receive any severance or change in control payments; however, existing grants of RSAs do vest on death, disability or change in control, and the LTIP Committee in its sole discretion
 may determine that such grants will vest partially or in full upon retirement. In addition, benefits under the SERP will vest upon disability or a change in control. See the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” section below. Stock Ownership Guidelines The Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines applicable to the
 Company’s executive officers. Under the guidelines, the chief executive officer is required to maintain ownership of company stock valued at five times his or her base salary, the chief financial officer is required to maintain ownership of company
 stock valued at three times his or her base salary and each other executive officer is required to maintain ownership of company stock valued at two times his or her base salary. Executive officers are expected to comply with the stock ownership
 targets within five years of the date of their appointment. As of the record date, all named executive officers exceed their target ownership levels or are otherwise in compliance with the guidelines. Anti-Hedging Policy Our insider trading policy prohibits “Insiders” from entering into any hedging arrangements with respect to our securities. Specifically, the policy defines “Insiders” as the officers of the Company, all members of the Company’s board of directors, and all employees of, and consultants and contractors to, the Company and its subsidiaries, along with members of their immediate families, members of their households, and their controlled entities. The insider trading policy contains the following prohibition: Hedging or monetization transactions can be accomplished through a
 number of possible mechanisms, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Such transactions may permit a director, officer or employee to continue to own Company
 securities obtained through employee benefit plans or otherwise, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the director, officer or employee may no longer have the same objectives as the Company’s other stockholders.
 Therefore, Insiders are prohibited from engaging in any such transactions. Margin Accounts and Pledging Transactions Our insider trading policy provides that persons subject to the policy are prohibited from holding the Company’s securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging the
 Company’s securities as collateral for a loan, except (1) for those Company securities held in a margin account or otherwise pledged as collateral for a loan as of July 23, 2024 and (2) pledges of the Company’s securities as collateral for a loan
 (not including margin debt) when the person demonstrates to the Company the financial capacity to repay the loan without resorting to the pledged securities, with the prior approval of the Company. 24 Compensation Advisors Benchmarking of Compensation Since fiscal year 2013, the Compensation Committee has engaged the
 consulting firm of Mercer, a wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (“MMC”), to periodically provide compensation analysis and consulting services regarding executive and director compensation. Part of this engagement
 involves benchmarking the Company’s executive pay against a peer group and published compensation surveys. Mercer provided the Compensation Committee with an executive compensation analysis in July 2022, which included a benchmarking analysis using
 an updated peer group (the “2022 peer group”). The 2022 peer group consists of 15 companies, all of which were publicly traded at the time of the report. The peer group was selected based on research by Mercer and input from management and consisted
 of the following companies primarily based on size as measured by revenues (with the Company falling in the 46th). As compared to the prior peer group, the 2022 peer group, listed below, contains eight new companies. In addition, six companies were
 removed from the prior peer group based on a variety of factors, including company delisting, trading liquidity, size, industry exposure and incompatibility of compensation program structure. In May 2024, Mercer provided the Compensation Committee
 with an updated executive compensation analysis, which includes a benchmarking analysis using an updated peer group (the “2024 Review”). The 2024 Review will be used by the Compensation Committee in making decisions with respect to executive pay for
 2025. 2022 Peer Group B&G Foods, Inc. | The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. | Seneca Foods Corporation
The Boston Beer Company, Inc. | J&J Snack Foods Corp. | The Simply Good Foods Company
Darling Ingredients, Inc. | Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. | Treehouse Foods, Inc.
Flowers Foods, Inc. | Lancaster Colony Corporation | Utz Brands, Inc.
Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. | Primo Water Corporation | Vital Farms, Inc. Compensation Consultants In addition to the services described above, the Chairman of the
 Compensation Committee periodically engages Mercer to review annual and long-term incentive plan designs for competitiveness and alignment with peer companies, and to update management and the Board on executive compensation trends, including
 director compensation. This review was most recently completed late in fiscal 2024 and was substantially in line with the 2022 report. The Compensation Committee periodically assesses the independence of Mercer and














 whether any of its work presents a conflict of interest . Mercer reported to Mr. Poole, who is an independent director and
 Chairman of the Compensation Committee, and consulted with Mr. Baker, Chairman of the Board and Mr. Bowman, a Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, in connection with the Executive Committee’s determinations and recommendations
 regarding other officers’ compensation. 25 The Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of Mercer
 pursuant to applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules and concluded that the engagement did not raise any conflicts of interest. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed the above
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management of the Company, and, based on those review and discussions, the Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the above Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in
 the Company’s proxy statement on Schedule 14A for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. James E. Poole, Chairman Letitia C. Hughes Steve W. Sanders Camille S. Young Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
 Participation The members of the Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2024 were
 Mr. Poole, Ms. Hughes, Mr. Sanders and Ms. Young. None of Ms. Hughes, Mr. Poole, Mr. Sanders and Ms. Young was formerly an officer of the Company. During fiscal year 2024, none of our executive officers served as a
 member of the compensation committee or as a director of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our Compensation Committee or as one of our directors. 26 COMPENSATION TABLES Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position | Fiscal Year | Salary ($)(1) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($)(2) | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)(3) | All Other Compensation ($)(4) | Total ($)
Adolphus B. Baker, | 2024 | 489,250 | 176,662 | 102,297 | -0- | 80,161 | 848,370
Chairman | 2023 | 487,058 | 326,095 | 102,682 | -0- | 69,393 | 985,228
2022 | 467,207 | 380,336 | 305,719 | -0- | 139,550 | 1,292,812
Sherman L. Miller, | 2024 | 408,438 | 374,874 | 158,470 | 36,436 | 129,757 | 1,107,975
President/CEO | 2023 | 370,826 | 487,122 | 154,401 | 10,889 | 126,189 | 1,149,427
2022 | 310,577 | 253,203 | 102,290 | -0- | 15,237 | 681,307
Max P. Bowman, | 2024 | 318,160 | 298,687 | 125,140 | 159,425 | 102,982 | 1,004,394
VP/CFO/ Treasurer/ | 2023 | 306,345 | 408,561 | 121,941 | 41,750 | 97,740 | 976,337
Secretary | 2022 | 289,231 | 231,782 | 102,290 | -0- | 92,572 | 715,875
Robert L. Holladay, Jr, | 2024 | 283,313 | 265,000 | 111,303 | 34,481 | 85,961 | 780,058
VP/General | 2023 | 268,141 | 360,000 | 105,441 | 10,411 | 81,922 | 825,915
Counsel | 2022 | 249,436 | 201,591 | 102,290 | -0- | 18,572 | 571,889
Michael T. Walters, | 2024 | 248,659 | 230,481 | 91,700 | -0- | 133,943 | 704,783
VP/COO(5) | 2023 | 189,938 | 278,942 | 61,458 | -0- | 65,734 | 596,072 (1) | Salary for fiscal years 2022, 2023 and 2024 include 26 pay periods. (2) | The amount listed represents the aggregate grant date fair value of time-vested restricted share awards (“RSAs”) computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 – Compensation – Stock Compensation (“FASB ASC Topic 718”). (3) | Amounts in this column for Messrs. Miller, Bowman and Holladay reflect the aggregate change in present value of the SERP benefit, which was implemented effective March 1, 2023. (4) | The detail on amounts in this column is set forth in the “2024 All Other Compensation” table below. (5) | Mr. Walters has been employed by the Company since 1997 and was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer on March 24, 2023. 27 2024 ALL OTHER COMPENSATION TABLE (1) Name | Auto ($) | Deferred Compensation Contributions ($) | Club Dues ($) | Payment or Imputed Income Based on Cost of Life Insurance Coverage ($)(2) | Medical Reimbursement ($)(3) | KSOP Contribution ($)(4) | Housing Allowance/ Relocation Benefits ($)(5) | Total ($)
Adolphus B. Baker | 13,550 | -0- | 8,556 | 43,965 | 4,190 | 9,900 | -0- | 80,161
Sherman L. Miller | 17,950 | 71,333 | -0- | 1,026 | 2,596 | 10,264 | 26,588 | 129,757
Max P. Bowman | 8,750 | 56,334 | 13,814 | 4,184 | 10,000 | 9,900 | -0- | 102,982
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | 18,437 | 50,114 | 2,894 | 1,885 | 2,584 | 10,047 | -0- | 85,961
Michael T. Walters | 7,971 | 41,282 | 2,327 | 1,745 | 3,495 | 10,744 | 66,379 | 133,943 (1) | See “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” for more information on these elements of executive compensation.
(2) | For named executive officers other than Mr. Baker, the amount listed represents premiums paid on life insurance policies provided for such officer. Of Mr. Baker’s total amount listed, $23,210 represents premiums paid on non-split-dollar life insurance policies and $20,755 represents income imputed to Mr. Baker related to the split-dollar life insurance arrangements discussed in “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Compensation—Employee Benefits and Perquisites” above.
(3) | As required by SEC rules, the amount reflected in this table reflects fiscal year reimbursements.
(4) | As required by SEC rules, the amount reflected in this table reflects fiscal year contributions.
(5) | For Mr. Miller, the amount reflects a housing allowance and for Mr. Walters, the amount reflects reimbursement of certain relocation expenses. GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS Name | Grant Date | Approval Date | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#)(1) | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($)(2)
Adolphus B. Baker | 01/12/24 | 12/14/23 | 1,863 | 102,297
Sherman L. Miller | 01/12/24 | 12/14/23 | 2,886 | 158,470
Max P. Bowman | 01/12/24 | 12/14/23 | 2,279 | 125,140
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | 01/12/24 | 12/14/23 | 2,027 | 111,303
Michael T. Walters | 01/12/24 | 12/14/23 | 1,670 | 91,700 (1) | Amounts shown in this column represent grants of RSAs made in fiscal year 2024, which vest fully on the third anniversary of the date of grant, generally conditioned upon the grantee remaining employed by the Company. Vesting of such RSAs is accelerated upon a change in control of the Company or upon the death or disability of the grantee. If the grantee’s employment is terminated due to retirement, the LTIP Committee may provide for full or partial vesting of such shares in its sole discretion.
(2) | The grant date fair value of the RSAs set forth in this column is based on the closing price of Company common stock on the grant date, which was $54.91. 28 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Stock Awards
Name | Grant Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)(1) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)(2)
Adolphus B. Baker
1/14/2022 | 7,433 | 458,393
1/13/2023 | 1,898 | 117,050
1/12/2024 | 1,863 | 114,891
Sherman L. Miller
1/14/2022 | 2,487 | 153,373
1/13/2023 | 2,854 | 176,006
1/12/2024 | 2,886 | 177,980
Max P. Bowman
1/14/2022 | 2,487 | 153,373
1/13/2023 | 2,254 | 139,004
1/12/2024 | 2,279 | 140,546
Robert L. Holladay, Jr.
1/14/2022 | 2,487 | 153,373
1/13/2023 | 1,949 | 120,195
1/12/2024 | 2,027 | 125,005
Michael T. Walters
1/14/2022 | 1,488 | 91,765
1/13/2023 | 1,136 | 70,057
1/12/2024 | 1,670 | 102,989 (1) | All of these RSA grants were made under the 2012 Plan and will vest fully on the third anniversary of the date of grant, conditioned upon the grantee remaining employed by the Company. Vesting of such RSAs is accelerated upon a change in control of the Company (as defined in the 2012 Plan) or upon the death or disability of the grantee. If the grantee’s employment is terminated due to retirement, the LTIP Committee may provide for full or partial vesting of such shares in its sole discretion.
(2) | Market value is based on the closing price of Company common stock as of May 31, 2024, the last business day of the Company’s fiscal year 2024, which was $61.67. STOCK VESTED Restricted Stock Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#)(1) | Value Realized On Vesting ($)(2)
Adolphus B. Baker | 7,855 | 431,318
Sherman L. Miller | 2,620 | 143,864
Max P. Bowman | 2,620 | 143,864
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | 2,620 | 143,864
Michael T. Walters | 1,570 | 86,209 (1) | The number of shares acquired is reported on a gross basis. The Company withheld the necessary number of shares of common stock in order to satisfy withholding taxes due upon vesting of the RSAs, thus the named executive officers actually received a lower number of shares of the Company’s common stock than the numbers reported in this table.
(2) | The value realized on vesting of RSAs is based on the closing sale price on the date of vesting of the RSAs or, if there were no reported sales on such date, on the last preceding date on which any reported sale occurred. 29 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION Name | Executive Contributions in Last FY ($) | Registrant Contributions in Last FY ($)(1) | Aggregate Earnings in Last FY ($)(2) | Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions ($) | Aggregate Balance at Last FYE ($)(3)
Adolphus B. Baker | -0- | -0- | 84,749 | -0- | 1,768,164
Sherman L. Miller | -0- | 71,333 | 5,110 | -0- | 147,223
Max P. Bowman | 5,077 | 56,334 | 19,050 | -0- | 433,605
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | -0- | 50,114 | 3,519 | -0- | 101,951
Michael T. Walters | -0- | 41,282 | 21,294 | -0- | 160,580 (1) | The entire amount reported in this column for each named executive officer is included within the amount reported as 2024 all other compensation in the Summary Compensation Table.
(2) | Beginning in fiscal 2022, contributions in the DC Plan are treated as if invested in one or more investment vehicles selected by the participant. The current deemed investments available under the DC Plan and the latest annual rate of return of each were as follows: Fund Name | Annual Rate of Return
Equity Income (MSA/T Rowe Price) | 18.62%
Fidelity VIP Mid Cap | 20.59%
Focused Appreciation (MSA/Loomis Sayles Company) | 27.47%
Global Real Estate Securities (Russell Invsts) | 7.50%
Govt Money Market MSA/BlackRock Advisors LLC) | 5.16%
Index 500 Stock (MSA/BlackRock Advisors LLC) | 26.94%
International Equity (MSA/Dodge and Cox) | 11.51%
Long Term U.S. Government Bond (MSA/PIMCO) | -1.88%
Mid Cap Growth Stock (MSA/Wellington Management) | 8.74%
Small Cap Value (MSA/T Rowe Price) | 15.75%
US Small Cap Equity (Russell Invsts) | 15.27%
Fixed Income Fund – Northwestern Mutual General | 5.00% (3) | Amounts reported in this column for each named executive officer include amounts previously reported in the Company’s Summary Compensation Table in previous years when earned if that officer’s compensation was required to be disclosed in a previous year. Amounts previously reported in such years include previously earned, but deferred, contributions. This total reflects the cumulative value of each named executive officer’s contributions and investment experience. For additional detail regarding these arrangements, see
 “Compensation Discussion and Analysis – Elements of Compensation – Deferred Compensation Arrangements.” Pension Benefits Effective March 1, 2023, the Company adopted a non-qualified
 supplemental executive retirement plan (“SERP”) designed to provide deferred compensation for a select group of highly compensated employees of the Company. Currently, Messrs. Miller, Bowman, and Holladay participate in the SERP. Provided the vesting
 conditions are met, participants in the SERP are eligible to receive an aggregate retirement benefit of $500,000, which will be paid in annual installments of $50,000 for 10 years. A participant becomes vested in the retirement benefit over five
 years of plan participation at 20% per year. If a participant becomes disabled, attains the retirement age of 65, or the Company experiences a change in control, vesting will be accelerated to 100%. If a participant dies while employed, he or she
 will not receive any benefits under the SERP, but their beneficiaries will instead be entitled to the life insurance benefit provided under a split dollar life insurance plan. 30 PENSION BENEFITS Name | Plan Name | Number of Years of Credited Service | Present Value of Accumulated Benefit ($)(1) | Payments During Last Fiscal Year ($)
Sherman L. Miller | SERP | 1.25 | 47,325 | -0-
Max P. Bowman | SERP | 1.25 | 201,175 | -0-
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | SERP | 1.25 | 44,892 | -0- (1) | These figures represent accumulated benefits as of June 1, 2024 based on several assumptions, including the assumption that the executive remains employed by us and begins receiving retirement benefits at the normal retirement age of 65, with such accumulated benefits being discounted from the normal retirement age to June 1, 2024 using an effective discount rate of 4.98%. POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OR CHANGE IN
 CONTROL As described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Company has
 not entered into severance or change in control agreements with our named executive officers, although the DC Plan, the SERP and the RSAs provide for accelerated vesting in connection with certain terminations of employment and upon a change in
 control. Specifically, as amended effective December 1, 2021, our DC Plan provides that unvested Company contributions will also vest upon a change in control. Further, the SERP provides that if a participant becomes disabled, attains the retirement
 age of 65, or the Company experiences a change in control, the participant will vest in any unvested portion of his $500,000 SERP benefit. Finally, RSAs will vest upon certain terminations of employment and upon a change in control as described in
 the footnotes to the table below. In addition, the following table does not quantify payments under plans that
 are generally available to all salaried employees, similarly situated to the named executive officers in age, years of service, date of hire, etc., and that do not discriminate in scope, terms or operation in favor of executive officers. For the named executive officers, the value of the RSAs that would vest upon
 termination of employment due to death or disability, or a change in control of the Company as of the end of the Company’s fiscal year ended June 3, 2023, are outlined below, based on the Company’s closing stock price of $61.67 on May 31, 2024, the
 last business day of such fiscal year. Name | Form of Compensation | Involuntary Termination By Company or Voluntary Termination by Employee (1)($) | Retirement (2)($) | Death (3) | Disability (3) | Change in Control (4)
Adolphus B. Baker | RSAs | -0- | 690,334 | 690,334 | 690,334 | 690,334
Sherman L. Miller | RSAs SERP (5) DC Plan (6) | -0- -0- -0- | 507,359 500,000 -0- | 507,359 -0- -0- | 507,359 500,000 -0- | 507,359 500,000 147,223
Max P. Bowman | RSAs SERP (5) | -0- -0- | 432,923 500,000 | 432,923 -0- | 432,923 500,000 | 432,923 500,000
Robert L. Holladay, Jr. | RSAs SERP (5) DC Plan (6) | -0- -0- -0- | 398,573 500,000 -0- | 398,573 -0- -0- | 398,573 500,000 -0- | 398,573 500,000 101,951
Michael T. Walters | RSAs DC Plan (6) | -0- -0- | 264,811 -0- | 264,811 -0- | 264,811 -0- | 264,811 160,580 (1) | Upon termination by the Company or the employee (other than termination due to a retirement, death or disability), the named executive officers’ RSA agreements provide for forfeiture of all unvested RSAs. (2) | Upon retirement of a grantee, the LTIP Committee in its sole discretion may provide that RSAs will vest partially or in full as of the effective date of the grantee’s termination due to retirement. The amounts set forth in the column assume the LTIP Committee has exercised discretionary authority to fully vest all such RSAs. (3) | Upon death or disability of a grantee, all RSAs will vest as of the date of such death or disability and all restrictions will lapse. (4) | Upon the completion of a change in control of the Company, all RSAs will vest and all restrictions will lapse. (5) | With regard to the SERP, unvested amounts will fully vest upon a retirement after age 65, a disability or a change of control. The amounts in the table reflect the full benefit of the SERP that would be payable to each applicable executive in connection with the noted event, 20% of which was fully vested as of May 31, 2024. (6) | With regard to the DC-Plan, unvested amounts will fully vest upon a participant’s attainment of the age of 60 with five years of service or a change of control. The amounts in the table for a change of control reflect the full balance of each applicable executive’s DC-Plan account, some of which was fully vested as of May 31, 2024. 31 PAY VERSUS PERFORMANCE As required by Section 953(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
 Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following information about the relationship between executive compensation actually paid and certain financial performance of the Company. Further information
 concerning the Company’s pay for performance philosophy and how the Company’s aligns executive compensation with the Company’s performance is described under “ Compensation Discussion & Analysis” beginning on
 page 21. On September 30, 2022, Adolphus B. Baker stepped down as the Company’s CEO
 and continues to serve as the Company’s Chairman of the Board and as an executive officer of the Company. On September 30, 2022, Sherman L. Miller was named the CEO. The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation of our CEOs
 and other NEOs for each of the fiscal years 2024, 2023, 2022 and 20221 and our financial performance for each such fiscal year: Value of Initial Fixed $100 Investment Based On:
Year (1) | Summary Compensation Table Total for CEO - Adolphus B. Baker ($) | Summary Compensation Table Total for CEO - Sherman L. Miller ($)(2) | Compensation Actually Paid to CEO - Adolphus B. Baker ($)(2)(3) | Compensation Actually Paid to CEO - Sherman L. Miller ($)(2)(3) | Average Summary Compensation Table Total for NEOs ($) | Average Compensation Actually Paid to NEOs ($)(2)(3) | Total Shareholder Return ($)(4) | Peer Group Total Shareholder Return ($)(4) | Net Income ($) | Net Income per Dozen Produced (5)
2024 | — | 1,107,975 | — | 1,223,640 | 834,401 | 950,022 | 158.30 | 128.16 | 276,232,000 | $ | 0.271
2023 | 985,228 | 1,149,427 | 958,998 | 1,126,150 | 781,668 | 767,626 | 117.77 | 140.40 | 756,732,000 | $ | 0.715
2022 | 1,292,812 | — | 1,594,506 | — | 634,433 | 739,489 | 108.43 | 133.27 | 132,441,000 | $ | 0.130
2021 | 1,174,401 | — | 948,658 | — | 556,382 | 493,914 | 78.41 | 124.39 | 2,060,000 | $ | 0.002 (1) | The CEO and NEOs included in the above compensation columns reflect the following: Year | CEO | NEOs
2024 | Sherman L. Miller | Max P. Bowman, Adolphus B. Baker, Michael T. Walters, Rob L. Holladay, Jr.
2023 | Adolphus B. Baker , Sherman L. Miller | Max P. Bowman, Michael T. Walters, Charles J. Hardin, Rob L. Holladay, Jr.
2022 | Adolphus B. Baker | Sherman L. Miller, Max P. Bowman, Charles J. Hardin, Rob L. Holladay, Jr.
2021 | Adolphus B. Baker | Sherman L. Miller, Max P. Bowman, Charles J. Hardin, Rob L. Holladay, Jr. (2) | Fair value or change in fair value, as applicable, of equity awards in the “Compensation Actually Paid” columns was determined by reference to closing price on applicable year-end dates or, in the case of vesting dates, the actual vesting price. For the portion of “Compensation Actually Paid” that is based on year-end stock prices, the following prices were used: for 2024 - $ 61.67 ; 2023 - $ 47.56 ; for 2022 - $ 48.16 ; for 2021 - $ 34.91 . 32 (3) | 2024 “Compensation Actually Paid” to the CEO and the average “Compensation Actually Paid” to the NEOs reflect the following adjustments from Total Compensation reported in the Summary Compensation Table: CEO ($) | Average of NEOs ($)
Total Reported in 2024 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) | 1,107,975 | 834,401
Less, Value of Stock & Option Awards Reported in SCT | ( 158,470 ) | ( 107,610 )
Less, Change in Pension Value in SCT | ( 36,436 ) | ( 48,477 )
Plus, Pension Service Cost and impact of Pension Plan Amendments | 37,973 | 49,360
Plus, Year-End value of Awards Granted in Fiscal Year that are Unvested and Outstanding | 177,980 | 120,858
Plus, Change in Fair Value of Prior Year awards that are Outstanding and Unvested | 75,362 | 74,543
Plus, Change in Fair Value (from Prior Year-End) of Prior Year awards that Vested this year | 19,257 | 26,947
Total Adjustments | 115,665 | 115,621
“Compensation Actually Paid” in Fiscal Year 2024 | 1,223,640 | 950,022 CEO - Dolph Baker ($) | CEO - Sherman Miller ($) | Average of NEOs ($)
Total Reported in 2023 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) | 985,228 | 1,149,427 | 781,668
Less, Value of Stock & Option Awards Reported in SCT | ( 102,682 ) | ( 154,401 ) | ( 87,574 )
Less, Change in Pension Value in SCT | — | ( 10,889 ) | ( 13,040 )
Plus, Pension Service Cost and impact of Pension Plan Amendments | — | 10,889 | 13,040
Plus, Year-End value of Awards Granted in Fiscal Year that are Unvested and Outstanding | 90,269 | 135,736 | 76,988
Plus, Change in Fair Value of Prior Year awards that are Outstanding and Unvested | ( 9,173 ) | ( 3,064 ) | ( 2,449 )
Plus, Change in Fair Value (from Prior Year-End) of Prior Year awards that Vested this year | ( 4,644 ) | ( 1,548 ) | ( 1,006 )
Total Adjustments | ( 26,230 ) | ( 23,277 ) | ( 14,042 )
“Compensation Actually Paid” in Fiscal Year 2023 | 958,998 | 1,126,150 | 767,626 CEO ($) | Average of NEOs ($)
Total Reported in 2022 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) | 1,292,812 | 634,433
Less, Value of Stock & Option Awards Reported in SCT | ( 305,719 ) | ( 92,018 )
Plus, Year-End value of Awards Granted in Fiscal Year that are Unvested and Outstanding | 357,973 | 107,746
Plus, Change in Fair Value of Prior Year awards that are Outstanding and Unvested | 206,634 | 61,993
Plus, Change in Fair Value (from Prior Year-End) of Prior Year awards that Vested this year | 42,806 | 27,335
Total Adjustments | 301,694 | 105,056
“Compensation Actually Paid” in Fiscal Year 2022 | 1,594,506 | 739,489 CEO ($) | Average of NEOs ($)
Total Reported in 2021 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) | 1,174,401 | 556,382
Less, Value of Stock & Option Awards Reported in SCT | ( 296,134 ) | ( 88,878 )
Plus, Year-End value of Awards Granted in Fiscal Year that are Unvested and Outstanding | 274,218 | 82,300
Plus, Change in Fair Value of Prior Year awards that are Outstanding and Unvested | ( 141,102 ) | ( 42,308 )
Plus, Change in Fair Value (from Prior Year-End) of Prior Year awards that Vested this year | ( 62,725 ) | ( 13,582 )
Total Adjustments | ( 225,743 ) | ( 62,468 )
“Compensation Actually Paid” in Fiscal Year 2021 | 948,658 | 493,914 (4) | Company and Peer Group Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) reflects the Company’s peer group (S&P Comp 1500 Food Products Industry Index) as reflected in our Annual Report on the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K for the fiscal year 3. Each year reflects what the cumulative value of $100 would be, including the reinvestment of dividends, if such amount were invested on June 1, 2020. (5) | Net income per dozen produced is a non-GAAP financial measure which is calculated as net income divided by the dozens produced. 33 Financial Performance Measures As described in greater detail in “Compensation
 Discussion & Analysis,” the Company’s executive compensation program reflects a pay-for-performance philosophy. The metrics that the Company uses for our incentive awards are selected based on an objective of incentivizing our NEOs to increase
 the value of our enterprise for our stockholders. The most important financial and non-financial performance measures used by the Company to link compensation actually paid to the Company’s NEOs for the most recently completed fiscal year to the
 Company’s performance are as follows: Net income per dozen produced | Dozens Sold and Produced
Food quality and safety | Production Cost per Dozen Pay versus Performance Descriptive Disclosure As described in greater detail in “Compensation
 Discussion & Analysis,” the Company’s executive compensation program reflects a pay-for-performance philosophy. While the Company utilizes several performance measures to align executive compensation with Company performance, all of those Company
 measures are not presented in the Pay Versus Performance table above. We believe food quality and safety is an important measurement that provides a foundation for reliable and continued financial performance. Because of the cyclical nature of the
 egg industry, net income does not weigh as highly as other measures year to year. Moreover, the Company generally seeks to incentivize long-term performance, and therefore does not specifically align the Company’s performance measures with
 compensation that is actually paid (as computed in accordance with SEC rules) for a particular year. We believe the table above shows the strong link
 between compensation actually paid to our executives and our company’s performance, consistent with our compensation philosophy and as described in our Compensation Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 21. Specifically, • | Our cumulative TSR and the peer group TSR during the past four years have both increased each year. Our cumulative TSR remained below the peer group each year until 2024, when it exceeded the peer group. Likewise, the CEO and other-NEO “compensation actually paid” has only increased when our TSR increased. • | For the years reflected in the table, until 2024, our CEO and other-NEO “compensation actually paid” only increased when our Net Income and Net Income Per Dozen Produced increased, demonstrating a strong correlation between pay and performance. However, Net Income and Net Income Per Dozen Produced was lower in 2024 compared to 2023, which was a record year for us, while “compensation actually paid” for both the CEO and other-NEOs increased. Our operating results are directly tied to egg prices, which are highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations, and are outside of our control, and therefore profitability is not always the best indicator of executive performance for compensation. • | Moreover, our Net Income and Net Income Per Dozen Produced decreased in 2024 after an increase in each of the prior three years. We note that our CEO and other-NEO “compensation actually paid” appears higher in 2024 than in 2023. The higher values for 2024 were due in part to our higher stock price values during 2024. In addition, 2024 represented our CEO’s first full fiscal year under the CEO title, and for the other-NEOs, the average value of compensation actually paid is also higher as a result of Mr. Baker’s inclusion in the group for the first time. PAY-RATIO DISCLOSURE To determine the median employee compensation, we analyzed all of
 Cal-Maine Foods’ employees, excluding Cal-Maine Foods’ Chief Executive Officer, as of June 1, 2024. We annualized wages for employees that were not employed for the full year. We used year to date gross wages as the consistently applied compensation
 metric to determine the median employee. After identifying the median employee, we calculated annual total compensation for the median employee according to the methodology used to report the annual compensation of our named executive officers in the
 Summary Compensation Table on page 27. The 2024 annual total compensation of our median employee other than
 Mr. Miller was $46,858. For fiscal year 2024, the total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Miller, was $1,107,975 as reported in the “Total” column of the Summary Compensation Table on page 27. Based on the foregoing, our estimate of
 the ratio of the average annual total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all other employees was approximately 24 to 1. Given the different methodologies that different public companies use
 to determine an estimate of their pay ratio, the estimated ratio reported above should not be used as a basis for comparison between companies. 34 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION For fiscal year 2024, the Company’s non-employee directors each
 received an annual fee of $45,000 as compensation for their services as a director. The fee is paid in quarterly installments following the end of each quarter and in advance of the next quarterly board meeting. During fiscal 2024, each non-employee
 director received an additional one-time special payment of $20,000 related to additional special meetings of the Board requiring increased director time and to our record Company performance in fiscal 2023. During fiscal year 2024, each non-employee
 director received an annual equity award with a target grant date value of approximately $100,000. On January 12, 2024, Mses. Hughes and Young and Messrs. Poole and Sanders, as independent directors, each received grants of 1,863 RSAs under the 2012
 Plan. Such RSAs vest 100% on the third anniversary of the date of grant. Mercer also periodically reviews and benchmarks the Company’s director compensation program, and the most recent such review was completed in May 2024. See “Compensation
 Discussion & Analysis – Compensation Advisors” for more information regarding Mercer. Employee directors receive no additional compensation for their services as directors of the Company, and the compensation of Messrs. Baker, Bowman and Miller
 is reflected in the Summary Compensation Table above. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE Name | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) | Stock Awards ($) (1) | Total ($)
Letitia C. Hughes | 65,000 | 102,297 | 167,297
James E. Poole | 65,000 | 102,297 | 167,297
Steve W. Sanders | 65,000 | 102,297 | 167,297
Camille S. Young | 65,000 | 102,297 | 167,297 (1) | The aggregate grant date fair value of the RSAs set forth in this column is computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock as of the grant date, which was $54.91. At the end of fiscal year 2024, each director listed in this table had 6,248 unvested RSAs. REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s financial reporting
 process on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal controls. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit
 Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 1, 2024, with management, including the quality, not just the acceptability, of the accounting principles, the
 reasonableness of significant judgments, and the clarity of disclosures. The Audit Committee also worked with Frost, PLLC, the Company’s
 independent registered public accounting firm, which is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, its judgment as to the quality, not just the
 acceptability, of our accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under generally accepted auditing standards. In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with Frost, PLLC that firm’s
 independence from management and the Company and all matters required to be discussed pursuant to Public Company Accounting Oversight Board rules and has received the written disclosures and letter from Frost, PLLC required by Public Company
 Accounting Oversight Board rules and the SEC and considered the compatibility of non-audit services with Frost, PLLC’s independence. The Audit Committee discussed with our internal auditors and our
 independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their respective audits. The Audit Committee meets with the internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present,
 to discuss the results of their examinations, their evaluations of our internal controls, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the
 Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors (and the Board has approved) that the audited financial statements be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 1, 2024, for filing with the SEC. The Audit Committee is currently composed of four directors, all of
 whom are independent, as defined by SEC rules and in the Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined Ms. Hughes and Messrs. Poole and Sanders qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as such term is
 defined in the SEC rules. Letitia C. Hughes, Chairperson James E. Poole Steve W. Sanders Camille S. Young 35 FEES AND RELATED DISCLOSURES
 FOR ACCOUNTING SERVICES The following table discloses the aggregate fees billed by Frost, PLLC
 for professional services rendered during fiscal 2024 and 2023: 2024 | 2023
Fee | Amount | Percent | Amount | Percent
Audit Fees | $ | 295,308 | 92 | % | $ | 281,491 | 93 | %
Audit-Related Fees | 23,950 | 8 | % | 22,600 | 7 | %
Tax Fees | — | — | — | —
All Other Fees | — | — | — | —
Frost Total Fees | $ | 319,258 | $ | 304,091 All audit and any material non-audit services provided by the
 Company’s independent registered public accounting firm require pre-approval by the Audit Committee or its designee. 100% of the services performed by Frost, PLLC for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Audit fees include fees associated with the annual audit of the
 Company’s financial statements and the review of the financial statements included in the Company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Audit-related fees principally include employee benefit plan audits for plan fiscal years ended December 31, 2023 and
 December 31, 2022. 36 PROPOSAL NO. 2: RATIFICATION OF
 SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee selected the firm of Frost, PLLC of Little Rock,
 Arkansas, to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company for fiscal year 2025, and the Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR ratification of such selection. There have been no controversies, disputes or
 differences of opinion with Frost, PLLC since the firm has been engaged by the Company. Frost, PLLC has extensive experience in serving the poultry and egg
 industries, and, as a result, the Audit Committee felt they would be particularly well-suited to serve as independent registered public accounting firm for the Company. If the Company’s stockholders do not ratify the selection of Frost, PLLC, the
 Audit Committee will reconsider this selection. Representatives of Frost, PLLC are expected to attend the Annual
 Meeting and be available to respond to appropriate questions, and they may make a statement if they desire to do so. Approval of this proposal requires the vote of a majority of the
 voting interest present in person or represented by proxy. For more information on the voting requirements, see “Voting Shares” above. Unless otherwise specified, proxies will be voted FOR the ratification of Frost, PLLC’s selection. The Board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the ratification of
 the selection of Frost, PLLC as independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. PROPOSAL NO. 3: Approval of the Amendment to Our Certificate of Incorporation











 to ADD Officer Exculpation We are asking stockholders to approve an amendment to our second
 amended and restated certificate of incorporation (our “Charter”) to limit the personal liability of certain officers of the Company (the “Amendment”) to reflect new Delaware law provisions as further described herein. Paragraph 10 of our Charter currently contains a provision eliminating
 the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”). Delaware recently amended Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL to allow a
 Delaware corporation to include a similar provision in its certificate of incorporation eliminating the personal liability of certain officers for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer in certain circumstances. As further
 described below, we are asking our stockholders to approve the Amendment to add such officer exculpation, similar to our existing provision exculpating our directors. Description of the Amendment As now permitted by the DGCL, we propose to amend
 Paragraph 10 of our Charter to read in its entirety as follows (additions are indicated by double underlining and deletions are indicated by strike-outs): 10. No director or officer of the Corporation shall have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, respectively ; provided, however, that this section shall not eliminate or the limit liability of a director (i) for any breach of a
 director’s or officer’s duty or of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders,
 (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) of a director under Section 174 of the General
 Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit , or (v) of an officer in any action by or in the right of the Corporation . The limitation of liability shall not eliminate or limit the liability of any director or officer for any act or omission occurring prior to the date upon which this provision becomes became effective with respect to such director or officer, respectively . The full text of the proposed form of amendment to our
 Charter reflecting revised Paragraph 10 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A. 37 Reasons for the Amendment Our Board desires to amend our Charter to eliminate
 the personal liability of our officers for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as an officer to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. In considering the Amendment, the Board considered the narrow class and type of claims for which
 officers are permitted to be exculpated from personal liability, which is more limited than the protection currently permitted for our directors. As amended, the DGCL only permits, and the Amendment would only provide, exculpation for direct claims
 brought by stockholders, and would not limit any officer’s personal liability for: • | breach of the duty of care claims brought by the Company itself or derivative claims made by stockholders on behalf of the Company; • | any breach of the duty of loyalty; • | any acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law; or • | any transaction from which the officer derived an improper personal benefit. Our Board believes that the Amendment will limit
 officers’ concerns about personal liability, which will empower officers to best exercise their business judgment in furtherance of stockholder interests. The nature of the role of officers often requires them to make difficult judgments and
 decisions on important and complex matters on a time-sensitive basis, which can create risk of investigations, claims, actions, suits or proceedings seeking to impose personal liability on the basis of hindsight, especially in the current litigious
 environment and regardless of merit. Our Board believes that limiting concern about personal monetary risk to the extent permitted by the Amendment empowers officers to best exercise their business judgment in furtherance of stockholder interests.
 Our Board also believes the Amendment better aligns the protections available to our officers with those currently available to our directors and that it would discourage plaintiffs’ lawyers from adding officers to direct claims relating to breaches
 of the duty of care which can lead to increased litigation and insurance costs. In addition, our Board believes it is important to
 protect our officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL to continue to attract and retain experienced and highly qualified officers. Other corporations that are incorporated in Delaware have adopted and may continue to adopt amendments to
 their certificates of incorporation that limit the personal liability of officers. The Company’s failure to adopt the Amendment could impact the Company’s ability to recruit and retain experienced and highly qualified officers, who may conclude that
 the potential personal exposure to liabilities, costs of defense and other risks of proceedings outweighs the benefits of serving or continuing to serve as an officer of the Company. Further, if other corporations adopt amendments similar to the
 Amendment and we do not, we may experience a disproportionate amount of litigation and disproportionately increased costs for officer liability insurance premiums. The Amendment is not being proposed in response to any specific resignation, threat of
 resignation or refusal to serve by any officer nor is it being proposed in response to any litigation or threat of litigation. Because certain directors are also officers, the
 Amendment was considered and was recommended to the Board by the Company’s independent directors. For these reasons, upon the recommendation of the
 independent directors, the Board declared the Amendment advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, authorized and approved the proposed certificate of amendment (the “Certificate of Amendment”), resolved to submit the
 Amendment to our stockholders for approval at this Annual Meeting and recommends that our stockholders approve the Amendment. Effects and Timing of the Amendment If adopted, the Amendment would only provide for the
 exculpation of officers in connection with direct claims brought by stockholders for breach of the officers’ fiduciary duty of care, but would not eliminate officers’ personal monetary liability for breach of other fiduciary duty claims, including
 breach of the duty of care, brought by the Company itself or for derivative claims brought by stockholders in the name of the Company. In addition, as is currently the case with directors under our Charter, the Amendment would not limit the personal
 liability of officers for any breach of the fiduciary duty of loyalty, any acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, or any transaction from which the officer derived an improper
 personal benefit. Further, the Amendment will not eliminate the liability of an officer for any act or omission occurring prior to the date on which it becomes effective. The officers who now may be exculpated are: (i)
 individuals serving in the capacity of president, chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, controller, treasurer or chief accounting officer; (ii) an individual identified in the Company’s public
 filings with the SEC as one of the most highly compensated executive officers of the Company; and (iii) an individual who, by written agreement with the Company, has consented to be identified as an officer for purposes of Delaware’s long-arm
 jurisdiction statute. 38 If the Amendment is approved by our stockholders, it
 will become effective immediately upon the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which we expect to file promptly after this Annual Meeting. If the proposed Amendment is not approved by our
 stockholders, then the Certificate of Amendment will not be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and our Charter will remain unchanged. In accordance with the DGCL, our Board may elect to abandon the proposed Amendment without
 further action by the stockholders at any time prior to the effectiveness of the filing of the Certificate of Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, notwithstanding stockholder approval of the proposed Amendment. Vote Required to Approve the Amendment to Our
 Certificate of Incorporation to Add Officer Exculpation Approval of this proposal requires the approval of a
 majority in voting interest of the shares of Common Stock and Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, voting together as a group. See “Voting Shares” for more information about voting procedures. The Board recommends a vote “FOR” approval of the
 amendment to our certificate of incorporation to add officer exculpation. STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS Stockholder proposals for the 2025 Annual Meeting must comply with the
 requirements of Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, and be received in writing by the Company no later than April 24, 2025, to be considered for inclusion in the Company’s proxy materials. Stockholder proposals should be addressed to Cal-Maine Foods,
 Inc., Post Office Box 2960, Jackson, Mississippi 39207, ATTN: Secretary. Stockholders wishing to present a proposal at the 2025 Annual Meeting without having the proposal included in the Company’s proxy materials must submit the proposal in writing
 to the Company’s Secretary, at the above address, by July 8, 2025. In order to prevent controversy about the date of receipt of a proposal, the Company strongly recommends that any stockholder wishing to present a proposal submit the proposal by
 certified mail, return receipt requested or by other means that permit the stockholder to prove the date of delivery. In addition to satisfying the requirements of our Bylaws and
 applicable law, if a shareholder intends to comply with the universal proxy rules and to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than the Company’s nominees, the shareholder must provide notice that sets forth the information required
 by Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, which notice must be postmarked or transmitted electronically to the Company at the above address or IR@cmfoods.com no later than 60 calendar days prior to the one-year anniversary date of the Annual
 Meeting (for the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders, no later than August 5, 2025). If the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders is changed by more than 30 calendar days from such anniversary date, however, then the shareholder must
 provide notice by the later of 60 calendar days prior to the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders and the 10th calendar day following the date on which public announcement of the date of the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders is first
 made. OTHER MATTERS The Board of Directors is not aware of any other matters that may come
 before the Annual Meeting. However, if any other matters are properly brought before the meeting, the proxies named in the enclosed proxy will vote in accordance with their best judgment on such matters. 39 By order of the Board of Directors,
Max P. Bowman,
Secretary
Ridgeland, Mississippi
August 22, 2024 40 ANNEX A Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of
 Incorporation of Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. (the
 “Corporation”), a corporation organized and existing under and pursuant to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows: 1. This Certificate of
 Amendment (the “Certificate of Amendment”) amends the provisions of the Corporation’s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on July 20, 2018 (the “Certificate of Incorporation”). 2. The terms and
 provisions of this Certificate of Amendment have been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 3. That Paragraph 10 of
 the Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 10. No director or
 officer of the Corporation shall have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, respectively; provided, however, that this section shall not eliminate or
 limit liability (i) for any breach of a director’s or officer’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) of a
 director under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, (iv) for any transaction from which the director or officer derived an improper personal benefit, or (v) of an officer in any action by or in the right of the
 Corporation. The limitation of liability shall not eliminate or limit the liability of any director or officer for any act or omission occurring prior to the date upon which this provision became effective with respect to such director or officer,
 respectively. 4. All other provisions
 of the Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
 Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by its duly authorized officer on this ____ day of October, 2024. Cal-Maine Foods, Inc.
By:
Name: Sherman L. Miller
Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
(authorized signatory) A-1 false DEF 14A 0000016160 0000016160 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 2022-05-29 2022-09-30 0000016160 2022-10-01 2023-06-03 0000016160 2024-06-01 0000016160 2023-06-03 0000016160 2022-05-28 0000016160 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInPensionValueInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInPensionValueInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:PensionServiceCostAndImpactOfPensionPlanAmendmentsMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:PensionServiceCostAndImpactOfPensionPlanAmendmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInPensionValueInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInPensionValueInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInPensionValueInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:PensionServiceCostAndImpactOfPensionPlanAmendmentsMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:PensionServiceCostAndImpactOfPensionPlanAmendmentsMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:PensionServiceCostAndImpactOfPensionPlanAmendmentsMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 ecd:PeoMember calm:ShermanLMillerMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2022-05-29 2023-06-03 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2021-05-30 2022-05-28 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ValueOfStockOptionAwardsReportedInSCTMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:YearEndValueOfAwardsGrantedInFiscalYearThatAreUnvestedAndOutstandingMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueOfPriorYearAwardsThatAreOutstandingAndUnvestedMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 calm:ChangeInFairValueFromPriorYearEndOfPriorYearAwardsThatVestedThisYearMember ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 ecd:PeoMember calm:AdolphusBBakerMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 ecd:NonPeoNeoMember 2020-05-31 2021-05-29 0000016160 3 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 1 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 2 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 0000016160 4 2023-06-04 2024-06-01 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD calm:DozenProduced iso4217:USD xbrli:shares