8-K 1 tm2116290d1_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
May 13, 2021 one (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Cayman Islands (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | 001-39453 (Commission File Number) | 98-1545859 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
16 Funston Avenue, Suite A The Presidio of San Francisco San Francisco, CA 94129 (Address of principal executive offices) | 94129 (Zip Code) (415) 480-1752 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Check the appropriate box
below if the Form 8-K is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant under any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | AONE.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share | AONE | New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 | AONE.WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 4.02 Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements
or Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Report. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the
Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) together issued
a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled
 “Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (“SPACs”)”
(the “SEC Statement”). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain
tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement, dated as of August
17, 2020, between one (“AONE” or the “Company”) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a New York
corporation, as warrant agent. As a result of the SEC Statement, the Company reevaluated the accounting treatment of (i) the 5,375,000
redeemable warrants (the “Public Warrants”) that were included in the units issued by the Company in its initial public offering
(the “IPO”) and (ii) the 3,150,000 warrants (together with the Public Warrants, the “Warrants”) that were issued
to the Company’s sponsor in a private placement that closed concurrently with the closing of the IPO, and determined to classify
the Warrants as derivative liabilities measured at fair value, with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings. While the
Company has not generated any operating revenues to date and will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of its initial
business combination, at the earliest, the change in fair value of the Warrants is a non-cash charge and will be reflected in the Company’s
statement of operations. On May 13, 2021, as discussed with WithumSmith+Brown,
PC, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm (the “Independent Accountants”), the Company’s
management and the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Audit Committee”) concluded that, in light
of the SEC Statement, it is appropriate to restate (i) certain items on the Company’s previously issued audited balance sheet dated
as of August 20, 2020, which was related to its IPO, and (ii) the Company’s previously issued audited financial statements as of
December 31, 2020 and for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 (the “Relevant Periods”). Considering
such restatement, such audited financial statements should no longer be relied upon. The Company will file an amendment to its Annual
Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2020 and for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, which will include
the restated audited financial statements for the Relevant Periods. Going forward, unless we amend the terms of our
warrant agreement, we expect to continue to classify our warrants as a liabilities, which would require us to incur the cost of measuring
the fair value of the warrant liabilities, and which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The Company’s management and the Audit Committee
have discussed the matters disclosed in this Current Report on Form 8-K pursuant to this Item 4.02 with the Independent Accountants. IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION Additional Information and Where to Find It This report relates to a proposed transaction
between MarkForged, Inc. (“Markforged”) and AONE. This report does not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation
of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale
or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. In connection
with the transaction, AONE filed a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC on April 1, 2021, which includes a document that serves
as a prospectus and proxy statement of AONE, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. The proxy statement/prospectus will be sent
to all AONE shareholders. AONE also will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. Before making any voting
decision, investors and security holders of AONE are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all
other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction as they become available
because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders may obtain free
copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant documents filed or that will be filed with
the SEC by AONE through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov . The documents filed by AONE with the SEC also
may be obtained free of charge at AONE’s website at: a-star.co or upon written request to 16 Funston Ave., Suite A, The Presidio of San Francisco, San Francisco, CA 94129. Participants in Solicitation AONE and Markforged and their respective directors
and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from AONE’s shareholders in connection with
the proposed transaction. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the
business combination is contained in the proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain free copies of these documents as described in the
preceding paragraph. 2 Cautionary Statement Forward-Looking Statements This report contains certain forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the proposed transaction between Markforged and AONE. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
 “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,”
 “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,”
 “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements
about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many
factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not
limited to: (i) the risk that the transaction may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price
of AONE’s securities, (ii) the risk that the transaction may not be completed by AONE’s business combination deadline and
the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by AONE, (iii) the failure to satisfy the
conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and between AONE, Caspian
Merger Sub Inc. and Markforged, dated as of February 23, 2021, (the “ Merger Agreement ”) by the shareholders of AONE,
the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following redemptions by AONE’s public shareholders and the receipt of certain
governmental and regulatory approvals, (iv) the lack of a third party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the proposed transaction,
(v) the inability to complete the investments described above, (vi) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could
give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (vii) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transaction on Markforged’s
business relationships, operating results, and business generally, (viii) risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and
operations of Markforged and potential difficulties in Markforged employee retention as a result of the transaction, (ix) the outcome
of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Markforged or against AONE related to the Merger Agreement or the proposed transaction,
(x) the ability to maintain the listing of AONE’s securities on a national securities exchange, (xi) the price of AONE’s securities
may be volatile due to a variety of factors, including changes in the competitive and highly regulated industries in which AONE plans
to operate or Markforged operates, variations in operating performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting AONE’s
or Markforged’s business and changes in the combined capital structure, (xii) the ability to implement business plans, forecasts,
and other expectations after the completion of the proposed transaction, and identify and realize additional opportunities, and (xiii)
the risk of downturns and a changing regulatory landscape in the highly competitive industry. The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive.
You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors”
section of AONE’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as it may be amended, the registration statement on Form S-4 discussed above, as it
may be amended, and other documents filed by AONE from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, and Markforged and AONE assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither Markforged nor AONE gives any assurance that either Markforged or
AONE, or the combined company, will achieve its expectations. 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. Dated: May 14, 2021
one
By: | /s/ Kevin E. Hartz
Name: Kevin E. Hartz
Title: Chief Executive Officer