10-Q 1 tm2111801d1_10q.htm FORM 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q x | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021 OR ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to________________ one (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39453 | 98-1545859
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 16 Funston Avenue, Suite A The Presidio of San Francisco San Francisco, California (Address Of Principal Executive Offices) | 94129 (Zip Code) (415) 480-1752 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: | Trading Symbol: | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | AONE.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share | AONE | New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 | AONE.WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As of May 24 ,
2021, 21,500,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,375,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
were issued and outstanding, respectively. ONE Form 10-Q For the three months ended March 31, 2021 Table of Contents Page
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Consolidated financial Statements (Unaudited) | 1
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | 1
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 2
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 3
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2021 | 4
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 19
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 22
Item 4. | Controls and Procedures | 22
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 23
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 23
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities | 23
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 23
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 23
Item 5. | Other Information | 24
Item 6. | Exhibits | 24 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. | Financial Statements (Unaudited) ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET March 31, 2021 | December 31, 2020
(Unaudited)
Assets
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 478,286 | $ | 919,823
Prepaid expenses | 318,572 | 314,351
Total current assets | 796,858 | 1,234,174
Investments held in Trust Account | 215,096,106 | 215,076,225
Total Assets | $ | 215,892,964 | $ | 216,310,399
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 15,533 | $ | 115,360
Accrued expenses | 1,811,743 | 24,847
Total current liabilities | 1,827,276 | 140,207
Deferred underwriting commissions | 7,525,000 | 7,525,000
Derivative warrant liabilities | 22,676,500 | 17,902,500
Total liabilities | 32,028,776 | 25,567,707
Commitments and Contingencies
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 17,886,418 and 18,574,269 shares subject to possible redemption at $10.00 per share at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively | 178,864,180 | 185,742,690
Shareholders' Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | - | -
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 400,000,000 shares authorized; 3,613,582 and 2,925,731 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 17,886,418 and 18,574,269 shares subject to possible redemption) at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively | 361 | 293
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,375,000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | 538 | 538
Additional paid-in capital | 14,489,172 | 7,610,730
Accumulated deficit | (9,490,063 | ) | (2,611,559 | )
Total shareholders' equity | 5,000,008 | 5,000,002
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity | $ | 215,892,964 | $ | 216,310,399 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 1 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS For the three months ended March 31, 2021
General and administrative expenses | $ | 2,094,385
Administrative expenses - related party | 30,000
Loss from operations | (2,124,385 | )
Other income (expenses)
Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities | (4,774,000 | )
Net gain from investments held in Trust Account | 19,881
Net loss | $ | (6,878,504 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares | 21,500,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares | 5,375,000
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares | $ | (1.28 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 2 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY For the three months ended March 31, 2021
Ordinary Shares | Additional | Total
Class A | Class B | Paid-in | Accumulated | Shareholders'
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance - December 31, 2020 | 2,925,731 | $ | 293 | 5,375,000 | $ | 538 | $ | 7,610,730 | $ | (2,611,559 | ) | $ | 5,000,002
Shares subject to possible redemption | 687,851 | 68 | - | - | 6,878,442 | - | 6,878,510
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (6,878,504 | ) | (6,878,504 | )
Balance - March 31, 2021 (Unaudited) | 3,613,582 | $ | 361 | 5,375,000 | $ | 538 | $ | 14,489,172 | $ | (9,490,063 | ) | $ | 5,000,008 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 3 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (6,878,504 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities | 4,774,000
Net gain from investments held in Trust Account | (19,881 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (4,221 | )
Accounts payable | (99,827 | )
Accrued expenses | 1,786,896
Net cash used in operating activities | (441,537 | )
Net change in cash | (441,537 | )
Cash - beginning of the period | 919,823
Cash - ending of the period | $ | 478,286
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | (6,878,510 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 ONE NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 — Description
of Organization and Business Operations Organization and General one (the “Company”)
is an incorporated blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 24, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the purpose
of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with
one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined
in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). At March 31, 2021, the
Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through March 31, 2021 relates to
the Company’s formation and its preparation for the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described
below, and since the offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenue until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in
the form of income earned on investments on cash and cash equivalents in the Trust Account (as defined below). The Company has selected
December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s
sponsor is A-star, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (“Sponsor”). The registration statement for the Company’s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 17, 2020. On August 20, 2020, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering
of 21,500,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the
“Public Shares”), including 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”),
at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $12.4 million, inclusive
of approximately $7.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 3,150,000
warrants (each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price
of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million (Note 4). Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, $215.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United
States, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested by the trustee only in United States
“government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating
a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company
must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the
Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). 5 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company will provide
its holders (the “Public Shareholders”) of its Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or
conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.00 per Public Share). The
per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares have been recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination
and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the
Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the “Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association”), conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required
by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares
in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public
Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the
Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company will adopt an insider
trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in
possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company’s legal counsel prior to execution.
In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares
in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
​(as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted
from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering,
without the prior consent of the Company. The Company’s
Sponsor, officers and directors (the “Initial Shareholders”) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (a) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100%
of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, or August 20, 2022 (the “Combination Period”) or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to
receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of the Company’s remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject,
in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 6 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Sponsor, officers
and directors have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or members of the Company’s management team acquire Public Shares
in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such
Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to
waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the
Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that
the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only $10.00
per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be
liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account.
This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not
be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for
the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company
does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the
Trust Account. Proposed Transaction On February 23, 2021,
the Company entered into Merger Agreement, by and among the Company, Caspian Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company formed on February 22, 2021 (“Merger Sub”), and MarkForged, Inc. (“Markforged”).
The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the boards of directors of each of the Company and Markforged. In connection with the
Merger Agreement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, the following transactions, among other things,
are expected to occur: (i) prior to the effective time of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Effective
Time”), the Company will domesticate as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, as amended (the “DGCL”), and the Cayman Islands Companies Law (As Revised) (the “Domestication”); (ii) prior
to the Effective Time, all issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock of Markforged will convert into shares of common stock of
Markforged; (iii) prior to the Effective Time, Markforged will repurchase up to approximately $45 million of Markforged securities held
by certain of its stockholders (the “Employee Transactions”); (iv) at the Effective Time, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and into Markforged, with Markforged continuing
as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger”); (v) at the Effective Time, and
after the Domestication, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of Markforged, excluding the shares repurchased in the Employee
Transactions, will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive a number of shares of common stock of the Company, par value
$0.0001 per share (the “Company Common Stock”), equal to the product of (x) one share of Markforged common stock and (y)
the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) (such aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock, the “Aggregate Merger Consideration”);
and (iv) upon the consummation of the Merger (the “Closing”), the Company will be renamed “Markforged Holding Corporation.” In connection with the
Domestication, (i) each then issued and outstanding Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Class
A Ordinary Shares”), and each then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (the
“Class B Ordinary Shares”), will convert into one share of Company Common Stock, (ii) each then issued and outstanding warrant
of the Company will convert automatically into a warrant to acquire one share of Company Common Stock, pursuant to the Company’s
existing warrant agreement, and (iii) each then issued and outstanding unit of the Company that has not previously been separated into
its underlying securities will be cancelled and the holder thereof will receive one share of Company Common Stock and one-fourth of one
warrant to purchase Company Common Stock. 7 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Exchange Ratio is
defined as (i) $1,700,000,000 minus the total dollar amount paid by the Company in connection with the Employee Transactions, divided
by (ii) $10.00, divided by (iii) the number of issued and outstanding shares of Markforged common stock, on a fully diluted and as-converted
basis (including shares subject to outstanding equity awards of Markforged (“Markforged Equity Awards”) and shares available
for issuance in respect of Markforged Equity Awards not yet granted under the Markforged equity incentive plan). In addition, the outstanding
Markforged Equity Awards will be converted into equity awards of the Company, on the terms provided in the Merger Agreement. The holders
of Markforged common stock and Markforged Equity Awards (whether vested or not) immediately prior to the Effective Time will be entitled
to receive, on a pro rata basis, up to 14,666,667 additional shares of Company Common Stock (“Earnout Shares”) as follows:
(i) if the volume-weighted average price of Company Common Stock is at least $12.50 for any 20 days in a consecutive 30-trading day period,
8,000,000 Earnout Shares will be issued, (ii) if the volume-weighted average price of Company Common Stock is at least $15.00 for any
20 days in a consecutive 30-trading day period, 6,666,667 Earnout Shares will be issued and (iii) upon a change of control or a liquidation
of the Company, all previously unearned Earnout Shares will be issued. Markforged stockholders will not receive any Earnout Shares not
earned within five years of the Closing. The Merger Agreement
is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions and additional closing conditions, including, among
others: (i) approval of the Merger and related agreements and transactions by the shareholders of the Company and by the stockholders
of Markforged, (ii) the effectiveness of the merger proxy statement / registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by the Company in
connection with the Merger, (iii) expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements
Act of 1976 (the “HSR Act”), (iv) receipt of approval for listing on The New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”)
for the shares of Company Common Stock to be issued in connection with the Merger, (v) the Company having at least $5,000,001 of net
tangible assets upon Closing and (vi) the size and composition of the board of directors of the Company after giving effect to the Merger
being composed as agreed upon by the parties. The Merger Agreement
may be terminated under certain customary circumstances prior to the Closing. Certain Related Agreements Also, in connection
with Merger Agreement, the Company entered into certain related agreements including Subscription Agreements, Sponsor Support Agreement,
Stockholder Support Agreement. Going Concern As of March 31, 2021,
the Company had approximately $0.5 million in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately $1.0 million. The Company’s
liquidity needs up to December 31, 2020 had been satisfied through the payment of $25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses
on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of approximately $163,000 from the Sponsor pursuant
to the Note (see Note 4), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company
fully repaid the Note on August 20, 2020. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination,
the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide
the Company Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any
Working Capital Loan. The Company does not
have sufficient liquidity to meet its anticipated obligations over the next year from the issuance of these financial statements. In
connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB’s Accounting Standards Update
(“ASU”) 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,”
management has determined that the Company has access to working capital loans (as defined in Note 4) from the Sponsor that are sufficient
to fund the working capital needs of the Company for at least one year from the issuance of these financial statements. Based on the foregoing,
management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier
of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds
for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective Initial Business Combination candidates, performing due
diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and
structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 8 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 2 — Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of presentation The accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC.
Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring adjustments necessary for the fair statement
of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the three months ended March 31, 2021 are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be expected through December 31, 2021. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Form 10-K/A
filed by the Company with the SEC on May 14, 2021. Emerging growth company As an emerging growth
company, the Company may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its
periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of
such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies
adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison
of the Company’s financial statement with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires
management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution, which, at
times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $250,000. As of March 31, 2021, the Company has not experienced
losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 9 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Principles of Consolidation The unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary. All significant inter-company
transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers
all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. As of March 31, 2021
and December 31, 2020, the Company had no cash equivalents. Investments Held in the Trust Account Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately $215.0 million, was placed in the Trust Account and invested in
money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities. All of the Company’s investments held in the Trust Account are classified
as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The estimated
fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information, other than for investments in open-ended
money market funds with published daily net asset values (“NAV”), in which case the Company uses NAV as a practical expedient
to fair value. The NAV on these investments is typically held constant at $1.00 per unit. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would
be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives
the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: · | Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; · | Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and · | Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. In some circumstances, the inputs used to measure
fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is
categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of March 31, 2021, the carrying values of
cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of the instruments.
As of March 31, 2021, the Company’s portfolio of investments held in the Trust Account is comprised entirely of investments in
money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities. The Company uses NAV as a practical expedient to fair value for its investments
in money market funds. Offering Costs Associated with the Initial
Public Offering Offering
costs consisted of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred that were directly related to the Initial Public Offering.
Offering costs are allocated to the separable financial instruments issued in the Initial Public Offering based on a relative fair value
basis, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities are expensed as incurred, presented
as non-operating expenses in the statement of operations. Offering costs associated with the Public Shares were charged to stockholders’
equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. 10 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Derivative warrant liabilities The
Company does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates
all of its financial instruments, including issued stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain
features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and ASC 815-15. The classification of derivative instruments, including
whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. The
5,375,000 issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (the “Public Warrants”) and the 3,150,000 Private Placement
Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognizes the warrant instruments
as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement
at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Company’s statement of operations.
The fair value of warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement were initially estimated using
a Binomial Lattice in a risk-neutral framework. For each modeled future price, the warrant payoff is calculated based on the contractual
terms (incorporating any optimal early exercise / redemption), and then discounted at the term-matched risk-free rate. Finally, the value
of the Warrants is calculated as the probability-weighted present value over all future modeled payoffs. The fair value of warrants issued
in connection with the Company’s Initial Public Offering have subsequently been measured based on the listed market price of such
warrants while the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants continue to be estimated using a Binomial Lattice model. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to
Possible Redemption The
Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability
instruments and are measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of Class A ordinary
shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that
are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at
March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, 17,886,418 and 18,574,269 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are
presented as temporary equity, respectively, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated balance sheets. Income Taxes ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes” prescribes
a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company’s only
major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts for interest and penalties as of March 31, 2021. The Company is currently not
aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income
by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the
Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company’s financial statements. The Company’s management does
not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 11 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Net Income (Loss)
per Ordinary Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net
loss by the weighted average number of shares of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company has not considered the effect
of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 8,525,000 shares of the Company’s
ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of
future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company’s
unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations includes a presentation of income per share for ordinary shares subject to redemption
in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted for Class A ordinary shares
is calculated by dividing the investment income earned on the Trust Account of approximately $20,000 for the three months ended March
31, 2021 by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Net loss per share, basic and diluted
for Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net loss of approximately $6.9 million, less income attributable to Class A
ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Recent Issued
Accounting Standards The Company’s
management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would
have a material effect on the accompanying financial statement. Note 3 — Initial
Public Offering On August 20, 2020, the Company consummated its
Initial Public Offering of 21,500,000 Units, including 1,500,000 Over-Allotment Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $12.4 million, inclusive of approximately $7.5 million in deferred underwriting
commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share,
and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Public Warrant”). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase
one Class A ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). Note 4 — Related
Party Transactions Founder Shares On June 26, 2020, the Sponsor paid $25,000, or
approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001
(the “Founder Shares”). Up to 750,000 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option
is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering. On August 10, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of Michelle Gill,
Lachy Groom, Gautam Gupta, Trina Spear, and Laura de Petra, and 30,000 Founder Shares to Pierre Lamond. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option and, an aggregate of 375,000 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration
accordingly. The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary
shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30- trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that
results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 12 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 3,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $2.00 per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class
A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the
Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period,
the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers
and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30
days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. Sponsor Loan On June 26, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”).
This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering.
The Company borrowed approximately $163,000 under the Note, and fully repaid the Note on August 20, 2020. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the
Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may
be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of $2.00 per warrant. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings
under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total
of $10,000 per month, commencing on date the Company’s securities are first listed on the New York Stock Exchange (the “listing
date”), for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company’s
liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company incurred $30,000
for expenses in connection with the Administrative Support Agreement. Note 5 — Commitments
and Contingencies Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans, if any, were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, these holders will have
certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the
initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 13 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments,
if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option of 1,500,000 Units and, an aggregate of 375,000 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for
no consideration accordingly. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.3 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, $0.35
per unit, or approximately $7.5 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company
completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that, while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s
financial position, results of its operations, and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as
of the date of these financial statement. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. Note 6 — Derivative
Warrant Liabilities As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the
Company has 5,375,000 and 3,150,000 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants, respectively, outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under
the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them
is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from
registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days
after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC
a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until
the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws
to the extent an exemption is not available. 14 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The warrants have an exercise price of at $11.50
per share and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The exercise
price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event
of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), or the
Newly Issued Price, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest
thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination
(net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting
on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”)
is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
(i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants),
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial
Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. If
the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants
will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the outstanding warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): • | in whole and not in part; • | ​at a price of $0.01 per warrant; • | ​upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption; and • | ​if, and only if, the last reported sales price (the “closing price”) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. ​ In addition, commencing ninety days after the
warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below); • | if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per Public Share (as adjusted per share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; • | if, and only if, the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above; and • | if, and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available throughout the 30-day period after written notice of redemption is given. ​ 15 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The “fair market value” of the Class
A ordinary shares shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for
redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Warrants.
If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds
held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive
any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the
warrants may expire worthless. Note 7 — Shareholders’
Equity Preference Shares - The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were no preference shares
issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares - The
Company is authorized to issue 400,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of March 31, 2021, there
were 21,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, including 17,886,418 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption.
As of December 31, 2020, there were 21,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, including 18,574,269 Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption. Class B Ordinary Shares - The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders are entitled to one
vote for each share of Class B ordinary shares. At August 20, 2020, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding,
of which an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’
over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively own 20% of the Company’s
issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option in part and, accordingly, an aggregate of 375,000 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration accordingly.
As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were 5,375,000 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders
of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders,
except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares have the right to vote on
the election of the Company’s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares immediately upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such that the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20%
of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii)
the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-
linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial
Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity- linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A
ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary
shares at a rate of less than one to one. Note 8 — Fair Value Measurements The following table presents information about
the Company’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques that the Company utilized to determine such fair value. March 31, 2021 16 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Description | Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) | Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) | Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
Assets:
Money market fund | $ | 215,096,106 | $ | - | $ | -
Liabilities:
Derivative warrant liabilities - Public | $ | 14,297,500 | $ | - | $ | -
Derivative warrant liabilities - Private | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 8,379,000 December
31, 2020 Description | Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) | Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) | Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
Assets:
U.S Treasury bills maturing on February 18, 2021 | $ | 215,076,225 | $ | - | $ | -
Liabilities:
Derivative warrant liabilities - Public | $ | 11,287,500 | $ | - | $ | -
Derivative warrant liabilities - Private | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 6,615,000 Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred
from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement in October 2021, when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded. Level
1 instruments include investments in mutual funds invested in government securities. The Company uses inputs such as actual trade data,
benchmark yields, quoted market prices from dealers or brokers, and other similar sources to determine the fair value of its investments. The
estimated fair value of warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement were initially estimated
using a Binomial Lattice in a risk-neutral framework. For each modeled future price, the warrant payoff is calculated based on the contractual
terms (incorporating any optimal early exercise / redemption), and then discounted at the term-matched risk-free rate. Finally, the value
of the Warrants is calculated as the probability-weighted present value over all future modeled payoffs. The fair value of warrants issued
in connection with the Company’s Initial Public Offering have subsequently been measured based on the listed market price of such
warrants while the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants continue to be estimated using a Binomial Lattice model. For
the three months ended March 31, 2021, the Company recognized a charge to the statement of operations resulting from an increase in the
fair value of liabilities of $4.8 million presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated statement of operations. The
estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants, and the Public Warrants prior to being separately listed and traded, is determined
using Level 3 inputs. Inherent in a Binomial Lattice model are assumptions related to expected stock-price volatility, expected life,
risk-free interest rate and dividend yield. The Company estimates the volatility of its common stock warrants based on implied volatility
from the Company’s traded warrants and from historical volatility of select peer company’s common stock that matches the
expected remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant
date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed to be equivalent
to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. 17 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The
following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements inputs at their measurement dates: As of December 31, 2020 | As of March 31, 2021
Volatility | 25.8 | % | 26.8 | %
Stock price | $ | 10.77 | $ | 11.59
Risk-free rate | 0.43 | % | 0.98 | %
Dividend yield | 0.0 | % | 0.0 | % The
change in the fair value of the derivative warrant liabilities as classified level 3 for the three months ended March 31, 2021 is summarized
as follows: Level 3 - Derivative warrant liabilities at December 31, 2020 | $ | 6,615,000
Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities | 1,764,000
Level 3 - Derivative warrant liabilities at March 31, 2021 | $ | 8,379,000 Note 9 — Subsequent Events Management has evaluated subsequent events and
transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the balance sheet was available for issuance. Based upon this
review, except as noted above, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in
the financial statements. 18 Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the “Company,” “One,”
“our,” “us” or “we” refer to One. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange
Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated as
a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 24, 2020. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”).
We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our sponsor is A-star,
a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (“Sponsor”). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was
declared effective on August 17, 2020. On August 20, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 21,500,000 units (the “Units”
and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”), including 1,500,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $12.4 million, inclusive of approximately $7.5 million in deferred underwriting
commissions (Note 5). Simultaneously with
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 3,150,000 warrants
(each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price of $2.00
per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million (Note 4). Upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, $215.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United
States, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested by the trustee only in United States
“government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement
Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial Business
Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding
the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter
into the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or
acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment
Company Act”). 19 If we are unable to
complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net
of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to
our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable
law. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of March 31, 2021, we had approximately $0.5
million in its operating bank account, and working capital of approximately $1.0 million. Our liquidity needs
up to March 31, 2021 had been satisfied through the payment of $25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the
Company in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, the loan of approximately $163,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note
(see Note 4), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company fully repaid
the Note on August 20, 2020. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company
Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital
Loan. Based on the foregoing, management believes that
we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor, or certain of our officers
and directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over
this time period, we will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business
Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target
business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect
on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable
as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. Results of Operations Our entire activity since inception up to March
31, 2021 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering. We will not be generating any operating revenues until
the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, we
had net loss of approximately $6.9 million, which consisted of approximately $2.1 million in general and administrative expenses, $30,000
in administrative expenses – related party, approximately $4.8 million in change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities,
offset by approximately $20,000 in net gain from investments held in Trust Account. 20 Contractual Obligations Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working
Capital Loans, if any, were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, these holders will have certain
“piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial
Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from
the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if
any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option of 1,500,000 Units and, an aggregate of 375,000 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for
no consideration accordingly. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.3 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, $0.35
per unit, or approximately $7.5 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete
a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption We account
for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability
instruments and are measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of Class A ordinary shares are classified
as shareholders’ equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our
control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at March 31, 2021, 17,886,418 of Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of our unaudited
condensed consolidated balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Shares We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements
of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of shares of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants
sold in the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 8,525,000 of our ordinary shares in the calculation
of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of
such warrants would be anti-dilutive. Our unaudited condensed consolidated statement
of operations includes a presentation of income per share for ordinary shares subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class
method of income per share. Net income per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class A ordinary shares are calculated by dividing the
interest income earned on investment securities held in the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes available to be withdrawn from the
Trust Account, which was approximately $20,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2021, by the weighted average number of Class A ordinary
shares outstanding for the period. Net loss per ordinary share, basic and diluted for Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing
the net loss of approximately $6.9 million, less income attributable to Class A ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of Class
B ordinary shares outstanding for the period. 21 Recent Issued Accounting Standards Our management does
not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying financial statement. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of March 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. JOBS Act The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the “JOBS Act”) contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public
companies. We qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new
or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on
which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding
mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the
financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation
between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These
exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an
“emerging growth company,” whichever is earlier. Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. As of March 31,
2021, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including amounts in
the Trust Account, will be invested in U.S. government securities with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds that meet
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest
rate risk. We have not engaged in any hedging activities
since our inception and we do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. Item 4. | Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation and in light of the SEC Staff Statement,
our warrants as liabilities, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2021. 22 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. | Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. | Risk Factors As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2021, except
for the below risk factor. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings
with the SEC. The securities in which we invest the funds
held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that
the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be
invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term
U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in
recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the
Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event
that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account,
plus any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
$100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that
the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. | Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures . Not applicable. 23 Item 5. | Other Information. None. Item 6. | Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among the Company, Caspian Merger Sub Inc., and MarkForged, Inc. (1)
10.1 | Form of Subscription Agreement. (1)
10.2 | Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among the Company, MarkForged, Inc., A-star, and certain shareholders of the Company party thereto. (1)
10.3 | Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among the Company, MarkForged, Inc., and certain stockholders of MarkForged, Inc. party thereto. (1)
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
(1) | In each case, incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021. 24 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: May 24 , 2021 | one
By: | /s/ Kevin E. Hartz
Name: | Kevin E. Hartz
Title: | Chief Executive Officer 25