10-Q 1 tm2034610d1_10q.htm FORM 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q x | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2020 OR ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from 
to one (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39453 | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction | (Commission | (I.R.S. Employer
of incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 16 Funston Avenue, Suite A
The Presidio of San Francisco San Francisco, California 94129 | 10166
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (415) 480-1752 (Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | ONE.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 par value | ONE | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ONE WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As
of November 12, 2020 , 21,500,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,375,000 Class B
ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. ONE Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q Table of Contents Page No.
PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION | 1
Item 1. | Financial Statements | 1
Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2020 | 1
Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three month ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 | 2
Unaudited Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 | 3
Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 | 4
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 16
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 20
Item 4. | Controls and Procedures | 20
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION | 21
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 21
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 21
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 21
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 22
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 22
Item 5. | Other Information | 22
Item 6. | Exhibits | 22
SIGNATURES | 23 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 Assets
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 1,065,876
Prepaid expenses | 369,869
Total current assets | 1,435,745
Investments held in Trust Account | 215,009,978
Total Assets | $ | 216,445,723
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 34,960
Accrued expenses | 126,996
Total current liabilities | 161,956
Deferred underwriting commissions | 7,525,000
Total liabilities | 7,686,956
Commitments and Contingencies
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,375,876 shares subject to possible redemption at $10.00 per share | 203,758,760
Shareholders' Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | -
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,124,124 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,375,876 shares subject to possible redemption) | 112
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,375,000 shares issued and outstanding | 538
Additional paid-in capital | 5,190,381
Accumulated deficit | (191,024 | )
Total shareholders' equity | 5,000,007
Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity | $ | 216,445,723 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD
FROM JUNE 24, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 For the three months ended September 30, 2020 | For the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020
General and administrative expenses | $ | 179,972 | $ | 191,002
Administrative expenses - related party | 10,000 | 10,000
Loss from operations | (189,972 | ) | (201,002 | )
Net gain from investments held in Trust Account | 9,978 | 9,978
Net loss | $ | (179,994 | ) | $ | (191,024 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares | 21,500,000 | 21,500,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares | $ | 0.00 | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares | 5,171,099 | 5,162,280
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B ordinary shares | $ | (0.04 | ) | $ | (0.04 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD
FROM JUNE 24, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 For the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through June 30, 2020 (unaudited)
Ordinary Shares | Additional | Total
Class A | Class B | Paid-in | Accumulated | Shareholders'
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance - June 24, 2020 (inception) | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor | - | - | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | - | 25,000
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (11,030 | ) | (11,030 | )
Balance - June 30, 2020 (unaudited) | - | $ | - | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | 24,425 | $ | (11,030 | ) | $ | 13,970
Sale of units in initial public offering, gross | 21,500,000 | 2,150 | - | - | 214,997,850 | - | 215,000,000
Offering costs | - | - | - | - | (12,375,209 | ) | - | (12,375,209 | )
Sale of private placement warrants to Sponsor in private placement | - | - | - | - | 6,300,000 | - | 6,300,000
Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares | (375,000 | ) | (37 | ) | 37 | -
Shares subject to possible redemption | (20,375,876 | ) | (2,038 | ) | - | - | (203,756,722 | ) | - | (203,758,760 | )
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (179,994 | ) | (179,994 | )
Balance - September 30, 2020 (unaudited) | 1,124,124 | $ | 112 | 5,375,000 | $ | 538 | $ | 5,190,381 | $ | (191,024 | ) | $ | 5,000,007 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 ONE UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD
FROM JUNE 24, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 For the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (191,024 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
General and administrative expenses paid by related party under note payable | 25,000
Net gain from investments held in Trust Account | (9,978 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (369,869 | )
Accounts payable | 34,960
Accrued expenses | 116,996
Net cash used in operating activities | (393,915 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Cash deposited in Trust Account | (215,000,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (215,000,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from note payable to related parties | 65,000
Repayment of note payable to related parties | (162,854 | )
Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross | 215,000,000
Proceeds received from private placement | 6,300,000
Offering costs paid | (4,742,355 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 216,459,791
Net change in cash | 1,065,876
Cash - beginning of the period | -
Cash - ending of the period | $ | 1,065,876
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Offering costs paid in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor | $ | 25,000
Offering costs included in accrued expenses | $ | 10,000
Offering costs included in note payable - related party | $ | 72,854
Deferred underwriting commissions | $ | 7,525,000
Initial value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 203,847,600
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | (88,840 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION,
BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION One
(the “Company”) is a newly incorporated blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 24, 2020. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company
is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 “Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). At September 30, 2020, the Company
had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020
relates to the Company’s formation and its preparation for the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”),
which is described below, and since the offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not
generate any operating revenue until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will
generate non-operating income in the form of income earned on investments on cash and cash equivalents in the Trust Account (as
defined below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company’s sponsor is A-star,
a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership (“Sponsor”). The registration statement for the Company’s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 17, 2020. On August 20, 2020, the Company consummated its Initial
Public Offering of 21,500,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in
the Units being offered, the “Public Shares”), including 1,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment
Units”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately
$12.4 million, inclusive of approximately $7.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions (Note 5). Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 3,150,000 warrants
(each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price of
$2.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million (Note 4). Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and the Private Placement, $215.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United
States, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested by the trustee only in
United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having
a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment
Company Act, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account as described below. The Company’s management has broad
discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business
Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must
complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of
the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). 5 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The Company will provide its holders (the
 “Public Shareholders”) of its Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares
upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a
Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will
be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated
to be $10.00 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public
Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note
5). These Public Shares have been recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the
Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity.” In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible
assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in
favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder
vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(the “Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC
prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company
decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company
seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to
vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company will adopt an insider
trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when
they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with the Company’s legal
counsel prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to
their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company’s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of
such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under
Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming
its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering,
without the prior consent of the Company. The Company’s Sponsor, officers and
directors (the “Initial Shareholders”) have agreed not to propose an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (a) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100%
of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, or August 20, 2022 (the “Combination Period”) or (b) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides
the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. If the Company is unable to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be
net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right
to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, liquidate and
dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide
for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 6 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The Sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or members of the Company’s management team acquire Public Shares
in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have
agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the
other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such
distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust
Account assets) will be only $10.00 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the
Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered
or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or
to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify
the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Basis of presentation The accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the
SEC. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U. S. GAAP. In the opinion of
management, the unaudited condensed financial statements reflect all adjustments, which include only normal recurring
adjustments necessary for the fair statement of the balances and results for the periods presented. Operating results for the
period from June 24, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results that
may be expected through December 31, 2020, or any future period. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial
statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Current Report
on Form 8-K and the final prospectus filed by the Company with the SEC on August 26, 2020 and August 19, 2020, respectively. Emerging growth company As an emerging growth company, it may take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards
until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not
have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting
standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply
with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company
has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised
standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted
out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards
used. 7 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Liquidity
and Capital Resources As of September 30,
2020, the Company had $ 1.1 million in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately $1.3 million. The
Company’s liquidity needs up to September 30, 2020 had been satisfied through
the payment of $25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of
the Founder Shares , the loan of approximately $160,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to the Note (see Note 4), and the
proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company fully repaid the Note on August 20,
2020. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate
of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working
Capital Loans (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2020, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan. Based
on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its
needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the
Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective Initial Business
Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or
set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate,
could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term
investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. There were no cash
equivalents at September 30, 2020. Concentration of credit risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which, at times may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000, and investments held in Trust Account. At September 30,
2020, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant
risks on such account. Investments Held in the Trust Account The Company’s portfolio of investments
held in the Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government
securities, or a combination thereof. The Company’s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities.
Trading securities are presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting
from the change in fair value of these securities is included in net gain from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying
unaudited condensed statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined
using available market information. 8 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received for sale of an asset or paid for transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring
fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
(Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). These tiers include: · | Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical instruments in active markets; · | Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable such as quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and · | Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions, such as valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. In some circumstances, the inputs used
to measure fair value might be categorized within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value
measurement is categorized in its entirety in the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. As of September 30, 2020, the carrying
values of cash, prepaid expenses, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature
of the instruments. The Company’s investments held in Trust Account are comprised of investments in U.S. Treasury securities
with an original maturity of 185 days or less or investments in a money market funds that comprise only U.S. Treasury securities
and are recognized at fair value. The fair value of investments held in Trust Account is determined using quoted prices in
active markets. Offering costs associated with Initial
Public Offering The Company complied with the requirements
of the ASC 340-10-S99-1. Offering costs consist legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred in connection with
the formation and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs were charged to additional paid-in capital upon the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. Class A Ordinary Shares subject
to possible redemption The Company accounts for its Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.” Shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability
instruments and are measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the
occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, shares of Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary
shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2020, 20,375,876 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject
to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s
condensed balance sheets. 9 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Net loss per ordinary share The Company complies with accounting and
disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company
has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate
of 8,525,000 shares of Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, since their inclusion
would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted loss per ordinary share is the same as basic
loss per ordinary share for the periods presented. The
Company’s unaudited statements of operations includes a presentation of income per share for ordinary share subject to redemption
in a manner similar to the two-class method of income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted for
Class A ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the investment income earned on the Trust Account of approximately $10,000
and approximately for three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from May 19, 2020 to September 30,
2020, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Net loss per share,
basic and diluted for Class B ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net income, less income attributable to Class A
ordinary shares, by the weighted average number of shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Income taxes ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes”
prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company’s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the
Company’s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts for interest and penalties as of September 30,
2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material
deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed
on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not
levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company’s financial statements. The Company’s
management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Recent accounting pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
financial statements. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC
OFFERING On August 20, 2020, the Company consummated
its Initial Public Offering of 21,500,000 Units, including 1,500,000 Over-Allotment Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $12.4 million, inclusive of approximately $7.5 million
in deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share, and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Public Warrant”). Each Public Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary shares at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note
6). NOTE 4. RELATED PARTY
TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On June 26, 2020, the Sponsor paid
$25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
shares, par value $0.0001 (the “Founder Shares”). Up to 750,000 Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent
that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of
the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On August 10, 2020, the Sponsor transferred
25,000 Founder Shares to each of Michelle Gill, Lachy Groom, Gautam Gupta, Trina Spear, and Laura de Petra, and 30,000 Founder
Shares to Pierre Lamond. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option and, an aggregate
of 375,000 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration accordingly. 10 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The initial shareholders agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one
year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30- trading day period commencing at least
150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger,
share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to
exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of 3,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase
one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to
the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers
and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until
30 days after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. Sponsor Loan On June 26, 2020, the Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory
note (the “Note”). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 or
the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately $163,000 under the Note, and fully repaid
the Note on August 20, 2020. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”).
If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business
Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would
either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1.5 million
of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of $2.00 per warrant. Except for the
foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company agreed to pay the Sponsor
a total of $10,000 per month, commencing on date the Company’s securities are first listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (the “listing date”), for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of the
Initial Business Combination or the Company’s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. The
Company incurred $10,000 for expenses in connection with the Administrative Support Agreement from the listing date through
September 30, 2020, which is reflected in the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations. 11 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS NOTE 5. COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private
Placement Warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement.
These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities.
In addition, these holders will have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 1,500,000
additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and
commissions. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option of 1,500,000 Units and, an
aggregate of 375,000 Class B ordinary shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration accordingly. The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.3 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
$0.35 per unit, or approximately $7.5 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that, while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on
the Company’s financial position, results of its operations, close of the Initial Public Offering and/or search for a target
company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statement. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE 6. SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY Preference
Shares — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of September 30,
2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A
Ordinary Shares — The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a
par value of $0.0001 per share. As of September 30, 2020, there were 21,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding,
including 20,375,876 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B
Ordinary Shares — The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a par
value of $0.0001 per share. Holders are entitled to one vote for each share of Class B ordinary shares. At August 20,
2020, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares were
subject to forfeiture to the Company for no consideration to the extent that the underwriters’ over- allotment option is
not exercised in full or in part, so that the initial shareholders would collectively own 20% of the Company’s issued and
outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On August 20, 2020, the
underwriters exercised their over-allotment option and, an aggregate of 375,000 Founder Shares were forfeited by the
Sponsor for no consideration accordingly. As of September 30, 2020, there were 5,375,000 Class B ordinary shares
outstanding. 12 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Holders of the Class A ordinary shares
and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the
Company’s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B
ordinary shares have the right to vote on the election of the Company’s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares immediately upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination at a ratio such
that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on
an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of
the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the sum of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued
or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity- linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-
linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any
seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to
one. Warrants
 — Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will
be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on
the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them
is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt
from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20
business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to
file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and
the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the
closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus
relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed; provided that if the Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require
holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not
effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act
or another exemption, but the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws
to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants have an exercise price of
at $11.50 per share and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A
ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in
the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance), or the Newly Issued Price, (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from
such issuances represent more than 50% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial
Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day after the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”)
is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below will be
adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 13 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and
the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted
transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until
30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless
basis and (iv) will be entitled to registration rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the
Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the holders
on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem
the outstanding warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): · | in whole and not in part;
· | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
· | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption; and
· | if, and only if, the last reported sales price (the “closing price”) of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. In addition, commencing ninety days after the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem the warrants: · | in whole and not in part;
· | at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of the Class A ordinary shares (as defined below);
· | if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $10.00 per Public Share (as adjusted per share subdivisions, share dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) on the trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders;
· | if, and only if, the Private Placement Warrants are also concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above; and
· | if, and only if, there is an effective registration statement covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available throughout the 30-day period after written notice of redemption is given. The “fair market value” of
the Class A ordinary shares shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported during
the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders
of warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants
for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a
 “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to
net cash settle any Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with
the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 14 ONE NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS NOTE 7. FAIR VALUE MEASURMENTS The following table presents information
about the Company’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2020 by
level within the fair value hierarchy: Description | Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) | Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) | Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
Investments held in Trust Account | $ | 215,009,978 | $ | - | $ | - NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events
and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date the financial statements were available to be issued.
Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in
the financial statements which have not previously been disclosed within the financial statements. 15 Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the “Company,”
 “one,” “our,” “us” or “we” refer to one The following discussion and analysis of
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial
statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis
set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We have
based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology
such as “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expect,” “plan,”
 “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue,” or the negative of such terms
or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those
described in our other U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings. Overview We
are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 24, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company
for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses that we have not yet selected (“Business Combination”). We have not selected any business
combination partner and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly,
with any business combination partner. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of
this offering and the sale of the private placement units, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. Our
Sponsor is A-star, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership . We
are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. Our
registration statements for the Initial Public Offering became effective on August 17, 2020. On August 20, 2020, we consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 21,500,000 Units , including
the issuance of 1,500,000 Units as a result of the underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment option, at
$10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $215.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $12.4 million,
inclusive of approximately $7.5 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 3,150,000 Private Placement
Warrants at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of approximately $6.3 million . Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement in August 2020,
$215.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of
the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (“Trust Account”), located in the United States, with Continental
Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee, and will be invested by the trustee only in United States “government
securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with
respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 16 If the we are unable to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay
dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders
and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to the our obligations
under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations Our entire activity from June 24,
2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, was in preparation for an Initial Public Offering, and since our Initial Public
Offering, our activity has been limited to the search for a prospective Initial Business
Combination . We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our Initial Business
Combination . For the period from June 24, 2020
(inception) through September 30, 2020, we had a loss of approximately $191,000, which consisted solely of general and administrative
expenses. Liquidity and
Capital Resources As of September 30,
2020, we had $1.1 million in cash and working capital of approximately $1.3 million. Our liquidity needs up to September 30,
2020 had been satisfied through the payment of $25,000 from our Sponsor to cover for certain
expenses on behalf of us in exchange for the issuance of the Founder Shares, a loan of approximately $163,000 pursuant to the Note
issued to our Sponsor, and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account.
We fully repaid the Note to our Sponsor on August 20, 2020. In addition, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor may, but is not obligated to, provide us Working
Capital Loans. To date, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital
Loan. Based
on the foregoing, management believes that it will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through
the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using
these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective Initial Business Combination candidates,
performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge
with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. Management continues to evaluate the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial
statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Related Party
Transactions Founder Shares On June 26, 2020, we issued 5,750,000
Class B ordinary shares to our Sponsor (the “Founder Shares”) in exchange for the Sponsor’s payment of offering
costs of $25,000. On August 10, 2020, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of Michelle Gill, Lachy Groom,
Gautam Gupta, Trina Spear, and Laura de Petra, and 30,000 Founder Shares to Pierre Lamond. The holders of the Founder Shares had
agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of 750,000 Founder Shares, to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in
full by the underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares
after the Initial Public Offering. On August 20, 2020, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option
and, an aggregate of 375,000 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor for no consideration
accordingly . 17 The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions,
not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price
of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after
the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization
or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. Related Party Loans On June 26, 2020, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to $300,000
to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”).
The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 or the completion of the
Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately $163,000 under the Note, and then fully repaid the Note on August 20, 2020. In addition, in order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor,
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay
the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working
Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion,
up to $1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity
at a price of $2.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the
terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans.
To date, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Other Contractual
Obligations Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants, Class A
ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans,
if any, were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders will be entitled to certain
demand and “piggyback” registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any
such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of $0.20 per unit, or $4.3 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
$0.35 per unit, or approximately $7.5 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the
event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates This management’s
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities in our financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related
to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events
and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting
policies: 18 Investments Held in the Trust Account Our portfolio of investments held in the
Trust Account is comprised of U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities,
or a combination thereof. The investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are
presented on the balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in
fair value of these securities is included in net gain from investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited condensed
statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market
information. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject
to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary
shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.”
Shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are
measured at fair value. Shares of conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares
that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of
uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, shares of Class A
ordinary shares are classified as stockholders’ equity. Our Class A ordinary shares features certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30,
2020, 20,375,876 shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders’ equity section of the accompanying unaudited condensed balance sheets Net Loss Per Share We comply with
accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, “Earnings Per Share.” Net loss per ordinary share is
computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We have not considered
the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 8,525,000
shares of Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted per ordinary share is the same as basic loss per ordinary share for the periods
presented. Our statements
of operations include a presentation of income per share for ordinary shares subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of
income per share. Net income per share, basic and diluted for Class A ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the investment
income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable income and franchise taxes, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A
ordinary shares outstanding since the initial issuance. Net loss per share, basic and diluted for Class B ordinary shares
is calculated by dividing the net loss, less income attributable to Class A ordinary shares, by the weighted average number
of shares of Class B ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material impact on our unaudited condensed
financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2020, we did not
have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments
or contractual obligations. 19 JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was
signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying
public companies. We will qualify as an “emerging growth company” and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply
with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing
to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Additionally,
we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act.
Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an “emerging growth company,” we choose to rely on
such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor’s attestation report on our system
of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure
that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act,
(iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement
to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion
and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation
and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for
a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an “emerging growth
company,” whichever is earlier. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s
financial statements. Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required
under this item. Item 4. | Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal
executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 20 PART II—OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. | Legal Proceedings None. Item 1A. | Risk Factors As
of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material
changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on August 19, 2020 other than
what is disclosed below. We may
disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional facts from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the
trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share
redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only
in U.S. government treasury obligations within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity
of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations
currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in
Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not
ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable
to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus
any interest income, net of income taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
$50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such
that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
and the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, our sponsor purchased 3,150,000 Private Placement Warrants at
a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of $6.3 million. This issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and no underwriting discounts or
commissions were paid with respect to such sale. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, our sponsor
had agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to $300,000 pursuant to the Note. This loan is non-interest bearing and payable on the
earlier of December 31, 2020 or the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed approximately $163,000
under the Note. Upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering the Note was fully repaid on August 20, 2020. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering
and the full exercise of the option to purchase additional ordinary shares, $215.0 million was placed in the Trust Account. The
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Shares are invested in
U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less and in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We paid a total of $4.3 million in underwriting
discounts and commissions and approximately $0.6 million for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In
addition, the underwriters agreed to defer approximately $7.5 million in underwriting discounts and commissions. 21 Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures None. Item 5. | Other Information None. Item 6. | Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 22 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
duly authorized. one
Date: November 16 , 2020 | By: | /s/ Troy B. Steckenrider III
Name: | Troy B. Steckenrider III
Title: | Chief Financial Officer and Director 23