8-K 1 d106330d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 17, 2021 Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 001-39463 | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810 West Palm Beach, FL | 33401
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (561) 712-7860 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one Warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share | CLA.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share | CLA | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares | CLA WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange
Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. In connection with the previously announced business combination transaction between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (“CLA”) and Ouster, Inc.
(“Ouster”), on February 17, 2021, Ouster issued a press release announcing that Carl Bass has agreed to act as chairman of the board of directors of the combined company following the closing of the business combination. A copy of the press release is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1 is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of CLA under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. This Current Report on Form 8-K will
not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1. Additional Information and Where to Find It This Current
Report on Form 8-K relates to a proposed business combination (the “ Business Combination ”) between CLA and Ouster. This Current Report on Form 8-K does
not constitute an offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to
registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. In connection with the proposed Business Combination, CLA has filed a
registration statement on Form S-4 (as amended, the “ Registration Statement ”) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) (File No. 333-251611), which includes a preliminary proxy statement/prospectus, that is both the proxy statement to be distributed to holders of CLA’s ordinary shares in connection with its solicitation of
proxies for the vote by CLA’s shareholders with respect to the proposed Business Combination and other matters as may be described in the registration statement, as well as the prospectus relating to the offer and sale of the securities to be
issued in the Business Combination. After the registration statement is declared effective, CLA will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant documents to its shareholders. This document does not contain all the information
that should be considered concerning the proposed Business Combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the Business Combination. CLA’s shareholders, Ouster’s stockholders
and other interested persons are advised to read the preliminary proxy statement/prospectus included in the registration statement and the amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed in connection with
the proposed Business Combination, as these materials will contain important information about Ouster, CLA and the Business Combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials for the proposed Business
Combination will be mailed to stockholders of Ouster and shareholders of CLA as of the record date established for voting on the proposed Business Combination. CLA shareholders and Ouster stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the
preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to CLA’s secretary at 1400 Centrepark Blvd,
Suite 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401, (561) 712-7860. Participants in the Solicitation CLA and its directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from CLA’s shareholders with respect to the
proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in CLA is contained in CLA’s proxy statement/prospectus initially filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020,
which is available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. To the extent such holdings of CLA’s securities may have changed since that time, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on
Form 4 filed with the SEC. Ouster and its directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the
shareholders of CLA in connection with the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the proposed Business Combination is contained in CLA’s proxy
statement/prospectus initially filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020, which is available free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including statements regarding the anticipated timing of the Business Combination, the products and services offered
by Ouster and the markets in which it operates. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,”
“strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and, as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could
cause actual future events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (i) the risk that the Business Combination may not be completed in a timely manner or at all, (ii) the risk
that the Business Combination may not be completed by CLA’s business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination deadline if sought by CLA, (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions
to the consummation of the Business Combination, including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the shareholders of CLA and Ouster, the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following redemptions by CLA’s public shareholders and
the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals, (iv) the lack of a third-party valuation in determining whether or not to pursue the proposed Business Combination, (v) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance
that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (vi) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Business Combination on Ouster’s business relationships, performance and business generally, (vii) the ability to
implement business plans, forecasts and other expectations after the completion of the proposed Business Combination and (viii) the risk of downturns in the highly competitive lidar technology and related industries. The foregoing list of
factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors” section of CLA’s prospectus dated August 20, 2020 relating to its initial public
offering, its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, the registration statement on Form S-4 and proxy statement/prospectus discussed above and other documents filed by CLA from
time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements, and Ouster and CLA assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither Ouster nor CLA gives any assurance that either Ouster or CLA will achieve its expectations. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d)
Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press Release, dated as of February 17, 2021 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. Colonnade Acquisition Corp.
Date: February 17, 2021
By: | /s/ Remy W. Trafelet
Name: | Remy W. Trafelet
Title: | Chief Executive Officer and Director