S-1/A 1 d937985ds1a.htm S-1/A S-1/A As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10, 2020. Registration No. 333-240378 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | 6770 | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810 West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (561) 712-7860 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Joseph S. Sambuco Chairman
of the Board of Directors 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810 West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (561) 712-7860 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Joel L. Rubinstein Daniel E. Nussen White & Case LLP 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 Tel: (212) 819-8200 | Matthew Gardner Michael Johns Maples and Calder P.O. Box 309, Ugland House Grand Cayman KY1-1104 Cayman Islands Tel: (345) 949-8066 | Douglas S. Ellenoff Stuart Neuhauser Joshua Englard Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10105 (212) 370-1300 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement. If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933
check the following box. ☐ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the
Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION OF
REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Security Being Registered | Amount Being Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Security(1) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price(1) | Amount of Registration Fee
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant(2) | 23,000,000 Units | $10.00 | $230,000,000 | $29,854.00
Class A ordinary shares included as part of the units(3) | 23,000,000 Shares | — | — | — (4)
Redeemable warrants included as part of the units(3) | 11,500,000 Warrants | — | — | — (4)
Total | $230,000,000 | $29,854.00(5) (1) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee. (2) | Includes 3,000,000 units, consisting of 3,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 1,500,000 redeemable warrants, which may be issued upon exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriters to cover over-allotments, if any. (3) | Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share splits, share dividends or similar transactions. (4) | No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g). (5) | Previously paid. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (alternately, the “Registrant,” “we,” “us,” “our” and other similar terms)
is filing this Amendment No. 1 (this “Amendment”) to its Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-240378) as an exhibits only filing to file
various exhibits attached hereto. Accordingly, this Amendment consists only of the facing page, this explanatory note, Part II of the Registration Statement, the signature pages to the Registration Statement and the filed exhibits. The prospectus is
unchanged and has been omitted. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and
commissions) will be as follows: SEC expenses | $ | 30,000
FINRA expenses | 35,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 50,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 50,000
Travel and road show expenses | 25,000
Legal fees and expenses | 275,000
NYSE listing and filing fees | 85,000
Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance(1) | 150,000
Miscellaneous | 300,000
Total | $ | 1,000,000 (1) | This amount represents the approximate amount of annual directors’ and officers’ liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes an initial business combination. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and
directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a
crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except
through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We may purchase a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a
judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to
waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services
provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or
(ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to
directors, officers or persons controlling us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On June 30, 2020, Colonnade Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, paid $25,000, or approximately $0.005 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange
for 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of II-1 the Securities Act. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of this offering would be a maximum of 23,000,000 units if the
underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full and therefore that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after this offering. Up to 750,000 of these shares will be surrendered for no consideration depending
on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation
D. Each of the equity holders in our sponsor is an accredited investor under Rule 501 of Regulation D. The sole business of our sponsor is to act as the company’s sponsor in connection with this offering. The limited liability company agreement
of our sponsor provides that its membership interests may only be transferred to our officers or directors or other persons affiliated with our sponsor, or in connection with estate planning transfers. Our sponsor has committed to, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants (or 6,600,000 warrants
if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) at $1.00 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of $6,000,000 (or $6,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full)). This purchase will take
place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering. This issuance will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit Index Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1 | Memorandum and Articles of Association.*
3.2 | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association.*
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate.*
4.2 | Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate.*
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate.*
4.4 | Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
5.1 | Opinion of White & Case LLP.*
5.2 | Opinion of Maples and Calder, Cayman Islands counsel to the Registrant.*
10.1 | Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant, Colonnade Sponsor LLC and each of the officers and directors of the Registrant.*
10.2 | Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.3 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant, Colonnade Sponsor LLC and the Holders signatory thereto.*
10.4 | Form of Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement among the Registrant and Colonnade Sponsor LLC.* II-2 Exhibit No. | Description
10.5 | Form of Indemnity Agreement.*
10.6 | Promissory Note issued to Colonnade Sponsor LLC.*
10.7 | Securities Subscription Agreement between Colonnade Sponsor LLC and the Registrant.*
10.8 | Form of Administrative Services Agreement between the Registrant and Colonnade Sponsor LLC.*
14.1 | Form of Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.*
23.1 | Consent of Marcum LLP.
23.2 | Consent of White & Case LLP (included on Exhibit 5.1).*
23.3 | Consent of Maples and Calder (included on Exhibit 5.2).*
24.1 | Power of Attorney.*
99.1 | Consent of James C. Flores*
99.2 | Consent of Emil W. Henry, Jr.*
99.3 | Consent of Manny De Zárraga* * | Previously filed. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriters at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriters to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (b) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) | For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) | For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | For the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 of any purchaser, if the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule II-3 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (4) | For the purpose of determining liability of a registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of an undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by an undersigned registrant; (iii) | the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. II-4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 10th day of August, 2020. COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Remy W. Trafelet
Remy W. Trafelet
Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed
below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Joseph S. Sambuco | Chairman of the Board of Directors | August 10, 2020
Joseph S. Sambuco
/s/ Remy W. Trafelet | Chief Executive Officer and Director | August 10, 2020
Remy W. Trafelet | (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) II-5