10-Q 1 d97857d10q.htm FORM 10-Q Form 10-Q UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) ☒ | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 ☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period
from to Commission File No. 001-39463 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810 West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) (561) 712-7860 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant | CLA.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 par value | CLA | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | CLA WS | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act): Yes ☒ No ☐ As of November 13, 2020,
20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheet (unaudited) | 1
Condensed Statements of Operations (unaudited) | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (unaudited) | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited) | 4
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 14
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk | 16
Item 4. | Control and Procedures | 16
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 17
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 17
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 17
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 17
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 17
Item 5. | Other Information | 17
Item 6. | Exhibits | 18
SIGNATURES | 19 i PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET SEPEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 1,097,447
Prepaid expenses | 368,756
Total Current Assets | 1,466,203
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 200,001,752
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 201,467,955
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 15,000
Accrued offering costs | 85,100
Total Current Liabilities | 100,100
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 7,000,000
Total Liabilities | 7,100,100
Commitments
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 18,936,619 shares at redemption value | 189,367,849
Shareholders’ Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,063,381 issued and outstanding (excluding 18,936,619 shares subject to possible redemption) | 106
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) | 575
Additional paid-in capital | 5,058,839
Accumulated deficit | (59,514 | )
Total Shareholders’ Equity | 5,000,006
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 201,467,955 (1) | Included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, | For the Period from June 4, 2020 (Inception) Through September 30,
2020 | 2020
Operating costs | $ | 56,266 | $ | 61,266
Loss from operations | (56,266 | ) | (61,266 | )
Other income (expense):
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 15,961 | 15,961
Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (14,209 | ) | (14,209 | )
Other income, net | 1,752 | 1,752
Net loss | $ | (54,514 | ) | $ | (59,514 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 5,413,908 | 5,409,457
Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share (2) | $ | (0.01 | ) | $ | (0.01 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of 18,936,619 shares subject to possible redemption and an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. (2) | Net loss per ordinary share – basic and diluted excludes income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption of $1,659 for each of the three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 (see Note 2). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 4, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class A Ordinary Shares | Class B Ordinary Shares | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Shareholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – June 4, 2020 (inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) | — | — | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (5,000 | ) | (5,000 | )
Balance – June 30, 2020 | — | — | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | (5,000 | ) | 20,000
Sale of 20,000,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts | 20,000,000 | 2,000 | — | — | 188,400,369 | — | 188,402,369
Sale of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 6,000,000 | — | 6,000,000
Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (18,936,619 | ) | (1,894 | ) | — | — | (189,365,955 | ) | — | (189,367,849 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (54,514 | ) | (54,514 | )
Balance – September 30, 2020 | 1,063,381 | $ | 106 | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | 5,058,839 | $ | (59,514 | ) | $ | 5,000,006 (1) | Included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the
unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 4, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (59,514 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (15,961 | )
Unrealized loss on securities held in Trust Account | 14,209
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (368,756 | )
Accrued expenses | 15,000
Net cash used in operating activities | (415,022 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash into Trust Account | (200,000,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (200,000,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 196,000,000
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 6,000,000
Proceeds from promissory note—related party | 126,005
Repayment of promissory note—related party | (126,005 | )
Payment of offering costs | (487,531 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 201,512,469
Net Change in Cash | 1,097,447
Cash – Beginning | —
Cash – Ending | $ | 1,097,447
Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 189,422,360
Change in value of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | (54,511 | )
Deferred underwriting fee payable | $ | 7,000,000
Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor from proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares | $ | 25,000
Offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | 85,100 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands
exempted company on June 4, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (“Business
Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of completing a Business Combination,
the Company intends to focus on industries that complements the Company’s management team’s expertise and network of relationships in the natural resources, energy, real estate and agricultural industries. The Company is an early stage and
emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of
September 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial
Public Offering”), which is described below, and, subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business
Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering became effective on August 20, 2020. On August 25, 2020, the Company
consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$200,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,000,000
warrants (the “Private Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Colonnade Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to $11,597,631, consisting of $4,000,000 of underwriting fees, $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $597,631 of other
offering costs. In addition, at September 30, 2020, cash of $1,097,447 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of offering expenses and for working capital purposes. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 25, 2020, an amount of $200,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to
the Company’s shareholders, as described below. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The Company must complete its
initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust
Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public
Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek
shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account (initially $10.00 per
share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. If the Company seeks shareholder
approval, the Company will complete a Business Combination only if it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a
general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to
its Amended and Restated 5 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company
seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a
Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would
cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.
Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as
a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the Public Shares
without the Company’s prior written consent. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and
Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the
Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment and
(iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. The Company will have until August 25, 2022 (the “Combination Period”) to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the
outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its
liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission
(see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit
($10.00). The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or
products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per Public Share due to
reductions in the value of trust assets, less taxes payable. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account nor will it
apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in
the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor
will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company’s independent public accountants), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the
Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 6 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information or footnote disclosures normally included in
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes necessary for
a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal recurring nature, which are
necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited
condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s prospectus for its Initial Public Offering as filed with the SEC on August 21, 2020, as well as the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020 and August 31, 2020. The interim results for the three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception)
through September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2020 or for any future interim periods. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to
comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act)
are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of
the Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the
potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of the condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not
have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020. Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At September 30, 2020, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury
Bills. 7 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and
subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s
condensed balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company
accounts for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax
basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a
portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be
recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as
income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The
Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s tax provision was zero for the periods
presented. Net Loss Per Ordinary Share Net loss per
ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share.
Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2020, which are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares, if
redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and the private placement to purchase 16,000,000 ordinary shares in the
calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants into ordinary shares is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is the same as basic net loss per ordinary share for
the period presented. Reconciliation of Net Loss Per Ordinary Share The Company’s net loss is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, as these shares only
participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and diluted loss per ordinary share is calculated as follows: Three Months Ended September 30, | For the Period from June 4, 2020 (Inception) Through September 30,
2020 | 2020
Net loss | $ | (54,514 | ) | $ | (59,514 | )
Less: Income attributable to ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (1,659 | ) | (1,659 | )
Adjusted net loss | $ | (56,173 | ) | $ | (61,173 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted | 5,413,908 | 5,409,457
Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share | $ | (0.01 | ) | $ | (0.01 | ) 8 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which, at
times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. As of September 30, 2020, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value
of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheet, primarily due to
their short-term nature. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Company’s condensed financial statements. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 20,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $6,000,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On June 30, 2020, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 5,750,000 of the
Company’s Class B ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment
was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would collectively represent 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On October 9, 2020, the
underwriters’ election to exercise their over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of 750,000 Founder Shares. Accordingly, as of October 9, 2020, there are 5,000,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding (see
Note 9). The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of:
(A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s shareholders
having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 9 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Promissory Note – Related Party On June 30, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $300,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in
connection with the Initial Public Offering (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 and (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As
of September 30, 2020, the outstanding balance of $126,005 under the Promissory Note was paid in full. Due to Sponsor The Sponsor advanced $600,000 to the Company in anticipation of the amount to be paid for the purchase of additional Private Placement Units in the event the
underwriters’ exercised their over-allotment option. The advance was due on demand should the over-allotment option not be exercised by the underwriters. On September 23, 2020, the $600,000 was returned to the Sponsor as the over-allotment
option was not exercised. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on August 21, 2020, the Company will pay the Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the three months ended September 30, 2020 and for the period from
June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, the Company incurred $10,000 of such fees, of which $10,000 is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheet at September 30, 2020. Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted
upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of
proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on August 20, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon
conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register a sale of any of the securities held by them, including any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the
Company’s initial Business Combination. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain
“piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters
are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate. A portion of such amount not to exceed 40% of the total amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account may be paid at the sole discretion of the
Company to parties who may or may not participate in the Initial Public Offering (but who are members of FINRA) that assist the Company in consummating a Business Combination. The election to make such payments to such parties will be solely at the
discretion of the Company’s management team. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the
underwriting agreement. NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference Shares —The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001. The Company’s board of
directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of
each series. The board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could
have anti-takeover effects. At September 30, 2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 10 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class A Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to
issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there were 1,063,381 Class A ordinary shares
issued and outstanding, excluding 18,936,619 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B
Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At
September 30, 2020, there were 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment option was not
exercised in full or in part so that the number of Founder Shares would equal 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering (see Note 9). Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination. Holders of
Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the completion of a
Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or
deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that
such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Warrants —Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not
be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the
Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will
not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the
state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants.
The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the
provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In addition, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of
a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company elects to do so, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 11 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and • | if, and only if, the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise
its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the
Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant
agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of
directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the
Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that (x) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (y) the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long
as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees and (z) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration
rights. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the
Public Warrants. NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The
Company follows the guidance in ASC Topic 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in
connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and
liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and
liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: 12 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
at September 30, 2020, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | September 30, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 200,001,752 NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the condensed financial statements were
issued. Based upon this review, other than described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the condensed financial statements. On October 9, 2020, the underwriters’ election to exercise their over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of 750,000
Founder Shares. Accordingly, as of October 9, 2020, there are 5,000,000 Founder Shares issued and outstanding. 13 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References in this report (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer
to Colonnade Acquisition Corp. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Colonnade Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and
analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements
of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,”
“seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management’s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying
important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report and the Risk Factors section of the Registration
Statements on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-240378) filed with the SEC. The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as
expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands on June 4, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business
Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to
continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any
operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and
the Company’s search for a target business with which to complete a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as
well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a Business Combination. For the three months ended September 30, 2020, we had a net
loss of $54,514, which consisted of operating costs of $56,266 and an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $14,209, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $15,961. For the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of $59,514, which consisted of operating costs of $61,266
and an unrealized loss on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $14,209, offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $15,961. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company’s only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of ordinary shares by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. On August 25, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. 14 Following the Initial Public Offering, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of
$200,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $11,597,631 in transaction costs, including $4,000,000 of underwriting fees, $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $597,631 of other costs. For the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, cash used in operating activities was $415,022, which consisted of our net
loss of $59,514, interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $15,961, an unrealized loss on marketable securities of $14,209 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used $353,756 of cash. As of September 30, 2020, we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $200,001,752. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if
any. Through September 30,2020, we have not withdrawn any amounts to pay for our tax obligations. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable) to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust
Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of September 30, 2020, we had cash of $1,097,447. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target
businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account
would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant unit at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of
the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In
addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of
September 30, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of
facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed
any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the
Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on August 21, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the
earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per
Unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate (or $8,050,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment is exercised in full). A portion of such amount not to exceed 40% of the total amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account may be
paid at the sole discretion of the Company to parties who may or may not participate in the Initial Public Offering (but who are members of FINRA) that assist us in consummating a Business Combination. The election to make such payments to such
parties will be solely at the discretion of our management team. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of
the underwriting agreement. 15 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the
periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and
subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s
condensed balance sheet. Net Loss Per Ordinary Share We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, which
are not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per ordinary share since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings.
Our net income is adjusted for the portion of income that is attributable to ordinary shares subject to redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings of the Trust Account and not our income or losses. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under
this item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief
Executive Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2020. Based upon his evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15 (e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 16 PART II—OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. None. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously
disclosed in our Registration Statement filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust
Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per
share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury
obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the
Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes
payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS. On August 25, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units. The Units sold in the Initial Public Offering were sold at an offering
price of $10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of $200,000,000. BTIG acted as sole book-running manager, of the Initial Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement
on Form S-1 (No. 333-240378). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on August 20, 2020. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 6,000,000 warrants at a
price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $6,000,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement
Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, $200,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of $4,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $597,631 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In
addition, the underwriters agreed to defer up to $7,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. For a description of the use of the proceeds
generated in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. On November 13, 2020, the Company’s board of directors approved the appointment of James C. Flores as Chairman of the Company’s Audit Committee to
replace Manny De Zarraga and approved the appointment of Manny De Zarraga as Chairman of the Company’s Compensation Committee to replace James C. Flores, effective as of November 13, 2020. The Company’s Audit Committee and the
Company’s Compensation Committee each continues to consist of James C. Flores, Manny De Zarraga and Emily W. Henry, Jr., each of whom is an independent director on the Company’s board of directors. 17 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters. (1)
3.1 | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. (1)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1)
10.1 | Letter Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and among Colonnade Acquisition Corp., its executive officers, its directors and Colonnade Sponsor LLC. (1)
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1)
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and among Colonnade Acquisition Corp., Colonnade Sponsor LLC and the other holders party thereto. (1)
10.4 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Colonnade Sponsor LLC. (1)
10.5 | Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 20, 2020, by and between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Colonnade Sponsor LLC. (1)
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith. ** | This certification is furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. (1) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 25, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 18 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP.
Date: November 13, 2020 | /s/ Remy W. Trafelet
Name: | Remy W. Trafelet
Title: | Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 19