10-K 1 d126353d10k.htm 10-K 10-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ☒ | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 OR ☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-39463 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Cayman Islands | N/A
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810
West Palm Beach, Florida | 33401
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (561) 712-7860 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbols | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant | CLA.U | The New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share | CLA | The New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | CLA WS | The New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports) and has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
 Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ The registrant was not a public company at June 30, 2020, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, and therefore it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates at such date. The
registrant’s units began trading on The New York Stock Exchange on August 21, 2020 and the registrant’s Class A ordinary shares began separate trading on The New York Stock Exchange on October 9, 2020. The aggregate market
value of the registrant’s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at December 31, 2020, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A
ordinary shares on such date, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange, was $270,000,000. As of March 9, 2021, the Registrant had
20,000,000 of its Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 of its Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | ii
PART I | 1
ITEM 1. BUSINESS. | 1
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. | 6
ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 36
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. | 36
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. | 36
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. | 36
PART II | 36
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. | 36
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. | 37
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. | 37
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. | 40
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. | 40
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. | 40
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 40
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. | 41
PART III | 41
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 41
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. | 47
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. | 47
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. | 48
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. | 49
PART IV | 50
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. | 50
SIGNATURES | 53 i Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this report may constitute “forward looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities
laws. Our forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team’s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to
projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward looking statements. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,”
“could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,”
“would” and similar expressions may identify forward looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward looking. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: • | our ability to complete our initial business combination with Ouster, Inc., or any other initial business combination; • | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; • | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; • | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; • | our pool of prospective target businesses; • | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; • | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; • | the lack of a market for our securities; • | the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as described herein) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; • | the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; or • | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and
their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control)
or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
under the heading “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in
these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. ii Table of Contents PART I References in this report to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to Colonnade Acquisition Corp. References to our
“management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Colonnade Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our “initial
shareholders” refer to the holders of our Class B ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”). ITEM 1.
BUSINESS. Introduction We are a
blank check company incorporated on June 4, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or
more businesses. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a “shell company” as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)
because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On August 25, 2020, we consummated our initial
public offering (the “Public Offering”) of 20,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to
purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds, before expenses, of $200,000,000. Prior to the consummation of the Public Offering, on
June 30, 2020, the Sponsor received 5,750,000 Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of $25,000, or $0.004 per share. The Sponsor surrendered 750,000 Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration in connection with the
underwriters’ election to not exercise the over-allotment option relating to the Public Offering at the end of the 45-day option period on October 5, 2020. Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, we consummated the private sale of an aggregate of 6,000,000 warrants, each
exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at $11.50 per share, to the Sponsor at the time of the Public Offering (and/or one or more of their estate planning vehicles) at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds, before
expenses, of approximately $6,000,000 (the “Private Placement”). The warrants sold in the Private Placement, or the private placement warrants, are identical to the warrants included in the units sold in the Public Offering, except that,
so long as they are held by their initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not,
subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold until 30 days after the Company completes its initial business combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) they will be
entitled to registration rights. Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, $200,000,000 was placed in a trust
account with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company acting as trustee (the “Trust Account”). Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes,
if any, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company’s initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable
to complete our initial business combination by August 25, 2022, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company’s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend its amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to provide for the redemption of its public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100% of the public
shares if the Company has not consummated an initial business combination by August 25, 2022. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could
become subject to the claims of the Company’s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of its public shareholders. 1 Table of Contents After the payment of underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion
of $7,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business combination if consummated) and approximately $1,000,000 in expenses relating to the Public Offering, approximately
$1,000,000 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement was not deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account remain on deposit in the
Trust Account earning interest. As of December 31, 2020 there was approximately $200,061,054 in investments and cash held in the Trust Account and approximately $697,957 of cash held outside the Trust Account available for working capital
purposes. On December 21, 2020, we entered into a merger agreement, with Beam Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”) and Ouster,
Inc. (“Ouster”), relating to a proposed business combination transaction (the “Business Combination”) between the Company and Ouster (the “Merger Agreement”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will domesticate as a Delaware corporation (and will be renamed “Ouster PubCo”) and
Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, will merge with and into Ouster, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Ouster will be the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
“Merger”). In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company will change its name to “Ouster, Inc.” The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain
conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. For additional information regarding Ouster, the Merger Agreement and the
Business Combination, see the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed by the Company on February 18, 2021. Other than as
specifically discussed, this report does not assume the closing of the Business Combination. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently
engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash held in the Trust Account, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to
be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous
risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not
all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our shares of Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash
released to us from the Trust Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial
business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Selection of Target Businesses While we may pursue a business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to focus our search for a business combination on
businesses that complement our management team’s expertise and network of relationships in the natural resources, energy, real estate and agricultural industries. We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers
and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think
we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of
which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow
opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. 2 Table of Contents The rules of the NYSE require that we must consummate an initial business combination with
one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust) at the time of signing a definitive
agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a
business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the business combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we
seek to complete our initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us.
If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs
associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business
combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The Company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of
their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. Redemption Rights for Holders of
Public Shares Upon Consummation of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of
then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we
will pay to the underwriters. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. Conduct of Redemptions Pursuant to Tender Offer Rules If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will
(a) conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and (b) file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the
solicitation of proxies. 3 Table of Contents Submission of Our Initial Business Combination to a Shareholder Vote In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of a majority of issued and outstanding shares
entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our Sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder
Shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for
or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the shareholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or
following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with
applicable law and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds held in the Trust Account will
be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such
purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction
subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be
reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the
likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters
submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or
obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Limitation on Redemption Rights Upon Completion of
Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing redemption rights, if we seek
shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in the Public Offering without our prior consent. We believe the restriction described above will discourage shareholders from accumulating large
blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to redeem their shares as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in the Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights against a business combination if such holder’s shares are not
purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders’ ability to redeem to no more than 20% of the shares sold in the Public Offering, we
believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a
closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including all shares held by those shareholders that hold more than 20%
of the shares sold in the Public Offering) for or against our initial business combination. 4 Table of Contents Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will have only 24 months from the Public Offering to complete
our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up,
(ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other
requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from other
entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these
entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation
to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they
potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have four
officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to the Company’s matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to the Company’s affairs until we have
completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any members of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on the current stage of the business combination process. Available Information We are
required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events
(e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC
maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s Internet website is located at http://www.sec.gov. In addition, the
Company will provide copies of these documents without charge upon request from us in writing at 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 5 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the prospectus associated with our initial public offering and the Registration Statement, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any
of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. For
risk factors related to the Business Combination, see the definitive proxy statement/prospectus filed by the Company on February 18, 2021. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack
an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business
concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our independent registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a “going concern.” As of December 31, 2020, we had a working capital deficit of $1,336,251. Further, we
have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete an initial business combination will be successful. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders
of our Founder Shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require
shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in
a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if
we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our Founder Shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of the
business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited
to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided
with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or
opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption
rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 6 Table of Contents If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders and
management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our
initial shareholders owned 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the Public Offering. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares
prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination, such initial business combination will be approved if we
receive an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, including the Founder Shares. As a result, in addition to our
initial shareholders’ Founder Shares, we would need 7,500,001, or 37.5%, of the 20,000,000 public shares sold in the Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination
approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted). Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial business
combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination
targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business
combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to
satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event
will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be
aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to
exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their
redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the
cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In
addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account or arrange for third party financing. Raising
additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B
ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the
time of our initial business combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per
share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to
pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. 7 Table of Contents The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of
our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or
requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of
the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in
the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open
market. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout
China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a “Public Health
Emergency of International Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic”. This outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread
health crisis that has and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target
company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. In addition, countries or supranational organizations in our target markets may develop and implement legislation
that makes it more difficult or impossible for entities outside such countries or target markets to acquire or otherwise invest in companies or businesses deemed essential or otherwise vital. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for and ability to consummate a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may
emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, and result in protectionist sentiments and legislation in our target markets, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt
financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events. The requirement that we complete our initial
business combination within 24 months after the Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our
initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that
particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due
diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 8 Table of Contents We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the Public
Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the Public Offering.
Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business
combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if
continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to
negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public “float” of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the
completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in
the Trust Account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial
owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or
their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their
shares. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such
purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such
purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our
Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. 9 Table of Contents If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our
initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy
materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender
or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to, at the holder’s
option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy
materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public
shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the
event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial
business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 and have filed a Current Report on
Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors
will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Public
Offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would have prohibited the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion
of an initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20% of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20% of our Class A ordinary
shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such
shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the shares sold in the Public
Offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally,
you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20% and, in order to dispose of such shares,
would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 10 Table of Contents Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities,
it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are
available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of
businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various
industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of
these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition
of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are
obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may
reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us
to operate at least until August 25, 2022, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team
to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, only $1,000,000 was
made available to us initially outside Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account will be sufficient to allow us to operate at least until August 25, 2022;
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion
of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for
transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of
intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to
continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we
would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to
us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
private placement warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to
funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Consequently, our public
shareholders may only receive an estimated $10.00 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. 11 Table of Contents If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Our
placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute
agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such
agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust
Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be in the best
interests of the Company under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Public Offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust
Account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a
third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek
recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our
initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement
the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or
a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) $10.00
per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable,
provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it
apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00 per public share.
In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for
claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is
unable to satisfy his obligations or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment
and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be
reduced below $10.00 per share. 12 Table of Contents If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a
bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary
duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we
distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In
addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the Trust
Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a
bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation
may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: • | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • | restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements,
including: • | registration as an investment company; • | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an
exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment
securities” constituting more than 40% of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business is to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the
post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 13 Table of Contents We do not believe that our principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To
this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the
trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying
and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for
funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity; or
(iii) absent an initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds
as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have
not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that
are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply
with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with
certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time
to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. If we are unable
to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such to 24 months before redemption from our Trust Account. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the
Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein.
Any redemption of public shareholders from the Trust Account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the
applicable provisions of the Companies Law. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months of the Public Offering before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro
rata portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in cases
where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. 14 Table of Contents Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions
received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received
by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a
liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing
themselves and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and
officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may
be liable to a fine of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after
the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to elect directors. In
accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Law for us
to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual meeting of shareholders, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors
is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of
our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the election of directors until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into
our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our
general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target
businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all
of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not
meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or
a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our
initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the
Trust Account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a
financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors
cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member
of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will
determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 15 Table of Contents Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder
approval. Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our
Founder Shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the Trust Account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the Trust Account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval.
While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to
approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares.
Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial
shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or
directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our
Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the
completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial shareholders, because
of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors and,
in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (ii) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination, and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial
business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to
the vote on an initial business combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required
under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) or international financial
reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS”) depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 16 Table of Contents Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our
initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company,
will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to
comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy
of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
shareholders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special
resolution under the Companies Law, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which
the shareholder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may be subject to withholding taxes or other
taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial
business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another
jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation
and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 17 Table of Contents Risks Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or
other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all
material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control
will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting
losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of
this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to
partially finance the initial business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are
unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to
successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to
locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution
to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business
and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we
decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may
fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to
locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution
to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect
our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and
directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any
specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a
detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon
the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key
personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely
that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals
will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 18 Table of Contents After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will
live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States
and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our
directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a
particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to
have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be
able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place
simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the
business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel’s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a
prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the
target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the
skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination
business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such
reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim
under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination
target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an
acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain
associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 19 Table of Contents Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business
combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own
less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the
post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed
to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock or shares of a target. In
this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our
issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the Company’s
shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our
leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us. Although we have no
commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and
our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such, no issuance of debt will
affect the per share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: • | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; • | our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; • | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; • | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; • | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and • | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 20 Table of Contents We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Public Offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the Public Offering and the Private Placement will provide us with $193,000,000 that we may use to complete our
initial business combination (after taking into account the $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the Trust Account). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a
short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare
and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a
single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of
losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: • | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or • | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or
all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial
business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we
determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business
combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect
to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single
operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may
attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very
little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business
combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 21 Table of Contents We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may
make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial business combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for
working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public
shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the
tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all
Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it
easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business
combination, special purpose acquisition companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, special purpose acquisition companies have amended
the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged
for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50% of the public warrants and, solely with
respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50% of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the
Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend
our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders of not less than two-thirds of our
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (or 65% of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), which is a lower amendment threshold
than that of some other special purpose acquisition companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of
our shareholders may not support. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions
related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in
specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if
approved by holders of 65% of our ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20% of our ordinary shares following the Public Offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other special purpose acquisition companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders
may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 22 Table of Contents Our Sponsor, officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written
agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business
combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our
taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers,
directors or director nominees for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any specific business
combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the
purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We
cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial business
combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, or
to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account that are available for distribution to public
shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The
failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after our initial business combination. Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we effect our initial business combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks
that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our
initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of
additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 23 Table of Contents If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United
States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due
diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with
companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: • | costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; • | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; • | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; • | exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; • | tariffs and trade barriers; • | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • | local or regional economic policies and market conditions; • | unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • | challenges in managing and staffing international operations; • | longer payment cycles; • | tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • | rates of inflation; • | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • | cultural and language differences; • | employment regulations; • | underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; • | corruption; • | protection of intellectual property; • | social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; • | regime changes and political upheaval; • | terrorist attacks and wars; and • | deterioration of political relations with the United States. 24 Table of Contents We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so,
we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such initial business combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be
derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we
operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are
located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn
or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business
with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business’ ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in
a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by,
among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial
business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in
dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. Risks Relating to our Management
Team We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed
to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and to not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by
us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against
our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and
businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and
businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team and their affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a
guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial business
combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team and their affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated,
as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team or their affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors,
many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 25 Table of Contents We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our
management’s areas of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management’s areas of expertise if a
business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our Company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular
business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to
investors in the Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our
management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Form 10-K regarding the areas of our management’s expertise would not be
relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders
following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to
devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest
in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers
is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers
and board members for other entities. If our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to
devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors
presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be
presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with
one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to
present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and
a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Company and it is an opportunity that we are able
to complete on a reasonable basis. In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors may Sponsor or form other special purpose
acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of
interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. 26 Table of Contents Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary
interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security
holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business
activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The
personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’
discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders’ best
interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders’ rights. However,
we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more
target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and
directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination
with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a
business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or
appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our Company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders, potential
conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with
respect to public shares they may acquire after the Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On June 30, 2020, our Sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs in exchange for
5,750,000 Founder Shares. The Sponsor surrendered 750,000 Founder Shares to the Company for no consideration in connection with the underwriters’ election to not exercise the over-allotment option relating to the Public Offering at the end of
the 45-day option period on October 5, 2020. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of $25,000 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the Founder
Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Public Offering would
be a maximum of 23,000,000 units if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after the Public Offering. The Founder Shares will be
worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor has purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants for an aggregate purchase price of $6,000,000, or $1.00 per warrant. The private placement
warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 24-month anniversary of the Public
Offering nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial business combination. 27 Table of Contents If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities
laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company and the
management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities
laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Risks Relating to our Securities You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of
an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any
public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our
initial business combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months of the Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to
shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 24 months of the
Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds
held in the Trust Account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on NYSE. We cannot assure you
that our securities will continue to be listed on NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders’ equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with
our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NYSE’s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of
our securities on NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share and our shareholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. 28 Table of Contents If NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our
securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face
significant material adverse consequences, including: • | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • | reduced liquidity for our securities; • | a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; • | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and • | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states
from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on NYSE, and, as a result, qualify as covered securities under the statute.
Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can
regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NYSE,
our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are
available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who
acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best
efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become
effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or
prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the
warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another
exemption. 29 Table of Contents In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be
obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from
registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to
do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or
register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state
securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue
securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable
state securities laws. You may only be able to exercise your public warrants on a “cashless basis” under certain circumstances, and if you
do so, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The
warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have
so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of our Class A
ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10
trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive
fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our
initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Public Offering,
our initial shareholders, the holders of our private placement warrants, the holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares
into which Founder Shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, the warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The
registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may
make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the
negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their
respective permitted transferees are registered. 30 Table of Contents We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business
combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present
other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preferred shares, par value $0.0001 per share. There are 180,000,000 and 15,000,000 authorized but unissued
Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the
Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances in
which we issue Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. Immediately after the Public Offering, there will be no preferred shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide,
among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary
or preferred shares: • | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Public Offering; • | may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; • | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants. Unlike some other similarly structured special purpose acquisition companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional
Class A ordinary shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial business combination. The Founder Shares will
automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked
securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of
Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or
issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary
shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or
directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 31 Table of Contents We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with
the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A ordinary shares
purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants were issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of
(i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision or mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, (ii) adjusting the
provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the
parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the
then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of public
warrants if holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants is
unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or shares, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with our Company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action,
proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply
to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the
warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement
action”), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant
holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or
unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 32 Table of Contents We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you,
thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable
and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrants
holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the
then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market
value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial
business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 10,000,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in the
Public Offering and, simultaneously with the Public Offering, we issued in a Private Placement an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants, at $1.00 per warrant. In addition, if the Sponsor makes any working capital loans, it may convert
those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of $1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of
additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary
shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target
business. Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the
units may be worth less than units of other special purpose acquisition companies. Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units can trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be
entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to
ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination
since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more
attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. General Risk Factors We are an
emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging
growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading
market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 33 Table of Contents Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being
required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial
statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller
reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our
annual revenues exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the
extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be
willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of
directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for
our securities. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your
ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws
of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Law (as the same
may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by
minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from
comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and
the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of
securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a
shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. 34 Table of Contents We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman
Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original
actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal
in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court
of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions
are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in
respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may
well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by
management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third
parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our
assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient
resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to
financial loss. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have
increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and
regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving
regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and
attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are
subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing
revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 35 Table of Contents We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely
manner. Mail addressed to the Company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address
supplied by Company to be dealt with. None of the Company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay
howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. ITEM IB.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We maintain executive offices at 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 pursuant to an
agreement with our Sponsor. The cost for this space is included in the aggregate $10,000 per-month fee we pay to our Sponsor for office space and administrative services. We believe, based on rents and fees
for similar services, that the fee charged by our Sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated entity. We consider our current office space, combined with the office space otherwise available to our executive
officers, adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2020, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding
pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants listed on NYSE under the symbols “CLA.U”, “CLA” and “CLA
WS”, respectively. Holders As
of December 31, 2020, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater
number of “street name” holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On August 25, 2020, we consummated the Public Offering of 20,000,000 units. The units sold in the Public Offering were sold at an offering
price of $10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of $200,000,000. BTIG, LLC acted as sole book-running manager of the Public Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on
Form S-1 (No. 333-240378). The Securities and Exchange Commission declared the registration statement effective on August 20, 2020. 36 Table of Contents Simultaneously with the consummation of the Public Offering, the Sponsor consummated the
Private Placement of an aggregate of 6,000,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds of $6,000,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the units sold in the Public Offering,
except that the private placement warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a business combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds received from the Public Offering and the private placement warrants, $200,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of $4,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $597,631 for other costs and expenses related to the Public
Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer up to $7,000,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. As a “smaller reporting company,” we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including
those set forth under “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 4, 2020 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to
effectuate our business combination using cash derived from the proceeds of our initial public offering consummated on August 25, 2020 (the “Public Offering”), our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a
business combination will be successful. Agreement for Business Combination On December 21, 2020, we entered into a merger agreement, with Beam Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”) and Ouster, Inc.
(“Ouster”), relating to a proposed business combination transaction (the “Business Combination”) between the Company and Ouster (the “Merger Agreement”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company will domesticate as a Delaware corporation (and will be renamed “Ouster PubCo”) and
Merger Sub, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, will merge with and into Ouster, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Ouster will be the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the
“Merger”). In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company will change its name to “Ouster, Inc.” 37 Table of Contents The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the
parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from June 4, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Public Offering, identifying a target for our business combination, and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Ouster. We do not expect to
generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities. We are incurring
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with completing a business combination. For the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of $2,702,566, which consisted of
operating costs of $2,763,620, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $57,914 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $3,140. Liquidity and Capital Resources On
August 25, 2020, we consummated the Public Offering of 20,000,000 units, at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 6,000,000
private placement warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. Following the Public
Offering, and the sale of the private placement warrants, a total of $200,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $11,597,631 in transaction costs, including $4,000,000 of underwriting fees, $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees and
$597,631 of other costs. For the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, cash used in operating
activities was $729,512, which consisted of our net loss of $2,702,566, interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $57,914, an unrealized gain on marketable securities of $3,140 and changes in operating assets and
liabilities, which provided $2,034,108 of cash. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash and marketable securities held in the Trust
Account of $200,061,054. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes, if any. Through December 31, 2020, we have not withdrawn any amounts to pay for our tax obligations. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account,
including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) to complete our business combination. To the extent that our share capital is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to
complete a business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2020, we had cash of $697,957. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and
evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents
and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination. In order to fund
working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no
proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement
warrants. 38 Table of Contents We monitor the adequacy of our working capital in order to meet the expenditures required
for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However, if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial
business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our
business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements
as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities,
guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual
Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other
than an agreement to pay the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on August 21, 2020 and will continue to incur
these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a business combination and the Company’s liquidation. The underwriters are
entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate. A portion of such amount not to exceed 40% of the total amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account may be paid at the sole discretion of the
Company to parties who may or may not participate in the Public Offering (but who are members of FINRA) that assist us in consummating a business combination. The election to make such payments to such parties will be solely at the discretion of our
management team. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On December 4, 2020, we entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will serve as the
placement agent for us in connection with a proposed private placement (the “Proposed Transaction”) of our equity or equity-linked securities (the “Equity Securities”). We agreed to pay the service provider a cash fee of equal to
50% of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the total fair market of the Equity Securities sold in the Proposed Transaction subject to a minimum fee of $1,000,000 and reimbursable expenses not to exceed $50,000 without our prior written consent. On December 4, 2020, we entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will serve as media
relations, due diligence, and transaction preparation in connection with a proposed business combination. We agreed to pay the service provider a cash fee of (i) $15,000 per month until the consummation of a business combination, (ii) $200,000
payable only upon consummation of a business combination and (iii) a discretionary performance bonus in the amount of $200,000 upon the consummation of the business combination, at our sole discretion. On December 5, 2020, we entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will serve as the co-placement agent for us in connection with a proposed private placement (the “Transaction”) of our equity or equity-linked securities (the “Securities”). We agreed to pay the service provider a
cash fee of $2,800,000, payable at the closing of the business combination and a cash fee equal to 50% of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the total Securities sold in the Transaction subject to a minimum fee of $2,200,000. 39 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and
expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of
uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We
apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of
applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding for the period. Net loss per common share, basic and diluted for non-redeemable Class B ordinary shares is
calculated by dividing net income less income attributable to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable Class B ordinary shares outstanding for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Following the consummation of our Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been
invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no
associated material exposure to interest rate risk. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. Reference is made to pages F-1 through F-16 comprising a
portion of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND
DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 40 Table of Contents Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also
designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our “Certifying Officer”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2020, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide
absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management’s Report on Internal
Controls Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of
management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our directors and executive officers are as follows: Name | Age | Position
Joseph S. Sambuco | 59 | Chairman of the Board of Directors
Remy W. Trafelet | 50 | Chief Executive Officer and Director
James C. Flores | 61 | Director
Emil W. Henry, Jr. | 59 | Director
Manny De Zárraga | 60 | Director 41 Table of Contents Joseph S. Sambuco has served as our Chairman since our inception.
Mr. Sambuco is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Colonnade Properties LLC (“Colonnade”) which he founded along with Prudential Real Estate Investors in 2000. Under his leadership, he successfully built Colonnade into a
fully-integrated and diversified real estate investment, finance, operating and asset management company. Mr. Sambuco is also a director and President of St. Giles Hotels, USA, Inc., a hotel investment and operating company. Prior to forming
Colonnade, Mr. Sambuco was a Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Taylor Simpson Group, a real estate investment and asset management firm that acquired LF Property Investment Company, the real estate division of Lazard
Frères & Co LLC, where he began his career in 1982. Mr. Sambuco was actively involved Lazard’s financial advisory practice where he was responsible for advising clients about the real estate components for their mergers and
acquisitions, restructurings, and financings. Mr. Sambuco holds a B.A. in accounting from Rutgers University, which he graduated from in 1982. Mr. Sambuco serves on the Board of Hazeltree Fund Services and the Palm Beach Civic Association.
He is a former Trustee of the Palm Beach Day Academy and recently served on the board of Alico, Inc., an agricultural business. Mr. Sambuco is well qualified to sit on our board due to his comprehensive operational, capital markets and
investment management experience in the real estate sector. His widespread network of relationships in the real estate industry will significantly enhance the company’s deal sourcing efforts. Remy W. Trafelet has served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director since our inception. Mr. Trafelet is
President and Chief Executive Officer of Trafelet & Company, LLC, a private investment firm that invests across a broad range of asset classes and industries, including financial services, energy, technology and agriculture.
Mr. Trafelet began his career in 1992 as an analyst at Fidelity Management and Research Company where he became a portfolio manager at age 25. In 2000, Mr. Trafelet formed Trafelet Delta Funds, which managed several long/short equity
portfolios. The firm grew to over $5.5 billion in assets under management with offices in New York and London. In 2009, Mr. Trafelet spun off the firm’s London operations to Habrok Capital Management, a global long/short equity hedge
fund. Mr. Trafelet is the Founder and Chairman of Hazeltree Fund Services, a FinTech company providing treasury solutions to more than 200 financial institutions with over $2.0 trillion of assets under advisory. From 2016 to 2019,
Mr. Trafelet served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Alico Inc. (NASDAQ: ALCO), an agribusiness holding company. During his tenure, he implemented a corporate restructuring and operating efficiency program, which improved the
company’s return on capital employed. Mr. Trafelet is a Trustee and Chairman of the Investment Committee for the Boys’ Club of New York and also serves as a member of the board for the Children’s Scholarship Fund. He is a former
Trustee and Chairman of the Investment Committee of Phillips Exeter Academy. Mr. Trafelet is also a former Trustee for The Eaglebrook School, and a board member of the Atlantic Salmon Federation. Mr. Trafelet graduated from Phillips Exeter
Academy and earned an A.B. from Dartmouth College, where he graduated with honors and was named a Presidential Scholar. Mr. Trafelet is a Chartered Financial Analyst. Mr. Trafelet is well qualified to sit on our board due to his extensive
and successful capital markets, investment and valuation experience specifically in the energy sector. His familiarity of running a publicly traded agricultural company and his operational knowledge will provide the company with highly valuable
experiences and perspectives as it seeks to identify an attractive business target. James C. Flores has served on our
board of directors since the completion of our initial public offering. Mr. Flores has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Sable Permian Resources since May of 2017. Sable engages in the acquisition, consolidation and
optimization of oil and gas upstream opportunities in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Since 1982, Mr. Flores has had an extensive career in the oil and gas industry in the roles of Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of one
private and four public oil & gas exploration and production companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Initially, in 1994, he led Flores & Rucks, Inc. (the NYSE:FNR) and then Ocean Energy Inc. (the NYSE:OEI) in 1997. In
2001, he became the Chairman and CEO of Plains Resources Inc. (the NYSE:PLX) where under his leadership the exploration and production assets of PLX were spun off into Plains Exploration & Production Company (the NYSE:PXP). Mr. Flores
served in the capacity of PXP’s Chairman, CEO, and President where, after 10-plus years of substantial growth, PXP was acquired by Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. (the NYSE:FCX) in
May of 2013 where Mr. Flores served as Vice Chairman of FCX until November 2015. Prior to Sable Permian Resources, Mr. Flores served as Chairman and CEO of Freeport-McMoRan Oil & Gas, a wholly owned subsidiary of Freeport-McMoRan
Inc., the world’s largest publicly traded copper producer. Mr. Flores graduated from Louisiana State University with B.S. degrees in corporate finance and petroleum land management. He is a member of the National Petroleum Council, serves
as Trustee for the Baylor College of Medicine and is a Director for the Waterfowl Research Foundation. He was inducted into the All-American Wildcatters in 1999 and is a member of the World
Presidents’ Organization. He was recognized as the Executive of the Year in 2004 in Oil and Gas Investor magazine. In addition, Mr. Flores and his wife, Cherie, have endowed the LSU Flores MBA program. The Flores are dedicated supporters
to many philanthropic causes and organizations focusing on Medical, Arts, Academic, Service and Conservation efforts ranging locally from the United Way to national support of the Nature Conservancy and Ducks Unlimited. Mr. Flores is well
qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive investment, operational, and board experience in the oil and gas industry. 42 Table of Contents Emil W. Henry, Jr. has served on our board of directors since the
completion of our initial public offering. Emil is the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and a Managing Director at Tiger Infrastructure Partners. Emil previously served as Global Head of Lehman Brothers’ infrastructure private equity business.
From 1990 to 2005, he was a Partner and Managing Director with Gleacher Partners, where he served as Chairman of Asset Management and led the firm’s investment activities. In 2005, Emil was appointed by the President and confirmed by the United
States Senate, unanimously, as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. In this role, he served as attaché to the President’s Working Group on Financial Markets, oversaw the Office of Critical Infrastructure Protection, led the
Treasury’s efforts to establish emergency response protocols in the event of a financial crisis and was key advisor to two Treasury secretaries. Emil outlined publicly and prior to the financial crisis how a systemic crisis might unfold driven
by Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s concentrated holdings of sub-prime mortgages. Emil was awarded the Alexander Hamilton Award, the highest honor the Treasury can bestow upon a public
official. Earlier in his career, he was a member of Morgan Stanley’s private equity group. Emil currently serves on the boards of Easterly Government Properties, StoneCastle Financial, and numerous boards of Tiger Infrastructure portfolio
companies. Emil has represented the U.S. Treasury on the boards of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and the National Gallery of Art and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. He is a frequent public speaker and author
on matters of public policy. He holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a B.A. in Economics, cum laude, from Yale University. Mr. Henry is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive capital markets, investment and board
experience. Manny De Zárraga has served on our board of directors since the completion of our initial public
offering. Manny is an executive managing director and member of JLL Capital Markets, Americas’ Executive Committee. He joined JLL as part of the HFF acquisition and serves as co-head of the
firm’s National Investment Advisory Group. Manny has more than 28 years of experience in real estate investment banking and specializes in the execution and expansion of the firm’s capital markets platform through the representation of
institutional and major global family offices owners of institutional-grade commercial real estate properties. He also oversees the firm’s Special Assets Group and is an active member of the Global Capital Team, with a special focus on the
Latin American markets. Prior to joining HFF in 2002, Manny was a principal and managing director at Sonnenblick-Goldman Company for 14 years and served on the firm’s operating committee. During his time there, he was involved in real estate
capital transactions made up of all major property types. He also serves since 1994 as the U.S. investment advisor to Grupo Multiplan and previously served as the privatization advisor to the government of Puerto Rico for the sale of
government-owned hotels. Prior to Sonnenblick-Goldman, Manny was vice president of the Trade Finance Corporation, where he worked in the development of a mortgage- based securitization program in conjunction with Salomon Brothers. Mr. De
Zárraga is well qualified to serve on our board due to his extensive advisory and capital markets experience in the real estate industry. Number, Terms of Office and Appointment of Directors and Officers Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year,
and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Henry, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class
of directors, consisting of Messrs. Flores and De Zárraga, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Sambuco and Trafelet, will expire at the third
annual meeting of shareholders. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of
directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 43 Table of Contents Director Independence The rules of the NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Public Offering. An
“independent director” is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the Company’s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an
organization that has a relationship with the Company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Flores, Henry and De Zárraga is an “independent director” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC
rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Board Committees Audit Committee Our board of
directors has established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Flores, Henry and De Zárraga serve as the members of the audit committee, and Mr. De Zárraga chairs the audit committee. All members of our audit
committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. De Zárraga qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: • | assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; • | pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the firm has with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; • | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; • | meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and • | reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 44 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee We have a nominating and corporate governance committee comprised of Messrs. Flores, Henry and De Zárraga. Mr. Henry serves as
chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. All members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and
corporate governance committee, including: • | identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; • | developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; • | coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and • | reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The charter provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion,
retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm’s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and
the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial business combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Compensation Committee Our board
of directors has established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Flores, Henry and De Zárraga serve as the members of the compensation committee, and Mr. Flores chairs the compensation committee. All members of
our compensation committee are independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: • | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer’s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer’s based on such evaluation; • | reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; • | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; • | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; • | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 45 Table of Contents • | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; • | producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and • | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment of customary fees we may elect to make to
members of our board of directors for director service and payment to an affiliate of our Sponsor of $10,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses, no
compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to
effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any
compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. The charter provides that the
compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of
any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors
required by NYSE and the SEC. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics as an exhibit to our registration statement in connection with the Public Offering. You are able to review this document by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us in writing at 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 or by telephone at (561) 712-7860. If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any
waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar
functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or NYSE rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company’s executive officers, directors, and
persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of the Company’s common stock. Such
officers, directors, and persons are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file with the SEC. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms that were received by the Company, except for a Form 4 filed on October 26, 2020 for
the Sponsor and Mr. Sambuco to report one transaction, the Company is not aware of any failures to file reports or report transactions in a timely manner during the year ended December 31, 2020. 46 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We will pay our Sponsor $10,000 per month
for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business
combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held
outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than
these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder’s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our
initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who
remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our
shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers
will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of
our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such
employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the
consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon
termination of employment. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of January 15, 2021, by: • | each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding ordinary shares of, on an as-converted basis; • | each of our officers and directors; and • | all of our officers and directors as a group. The following table is based on 25,000,000 ordinary shares outstanding as of March 9, 2021, of which 20,000,000 were Class A shares
and 5,000,000 were Class B shares. Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. 47 Table of Contents Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) | Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares
Colonnade Sponsor LLC (3) | 5,000,000 | 20.0 | %
Joseph S. Sambuco (3) | — | —
Remy W. Trafelet (3) | — | —
James C. Flores (3) | — | —
mil W. Henry, Jr. (3) | — | —
Manny De Zárraga (3) | — | — (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders listed is 1400 Centrepark Blvd, Ste 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. (2) | Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) | Colonnade Sponsor LLC is the record holder of such shares. Mr. Sambuco is the manager, and the members of the Company’s management team are among the members, of Colonnade Sponsor LLC. Messrs. Sambuco and Trafelet are among the members who share voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares held of record by Colonnade Sponsor LLC. Each of the foregoing individuals disclaims any beneficial ownership of the securities held by Colonnade Sponsor LLC other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On June 30, 2020, the
Sponsor paid $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering costs relating to the Public Offering in exchange for 5,750,000 Founder Shares. The Sponsor surrendered 750,000 Founder Shares to the Company for no
consideration in connection with the underwriters’ election to not exercise the overallotment option relating to the Public Offering at the end of the 45-day option period on October 5, 2020. In connection with the Business Combination, each of the 5,000,000 Founder Shares will convert on a one-for-one basis into one share of Ouster PubCo common stock. Private Placement Warrants The Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
$11.50 per share, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, or $6,000,000 in the aggregate, in connection with the Public Offering. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the Public Offering except that the private placement
warrants, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) are not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) may not (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants), subject to
certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, (iii) may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are entitled to
registration rights. In connection with the Business Combination, each of the 6,000,000 private placement warrants will convert
automatically into one warrant to purchase one share of Ouster PubCo common stock pursuant to the warrant agreement between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of August 20, 2020. 48 Table of Contents Subscription Agreements Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with certain institutional and accredited
investors (the “PIPE Investors”) and with Colonnade WPB LLC, an affiliate of the Sponsor (the “Sponsor Related PIPE Investor”), pursuant to which the PIPE Investors and Sponsor Related PIPE Investor have subscribed for shares of
Ouster PubCo common stock (the “PIPE Investment”). The Sponsor Related PIPE Investor is expected to fund $11,750,000 of the PIPE Investment, for which it will receive 1,175,000 shares of Ouster PubCo common stock. The Sponsor Related PIPE
Investor is controlled by our Chairman Joseph S. Sambuco. The PIPE Investment will be consummated substantially concurrently with the
closing of the Business Combination. Administrative Services Agreement We currently utilize office space at 1400 Centrepark Boulevard, Suite 810, West Palm Beach, FL 33401 from the Sponsor as our executive offices.
Commencing upon consummation of the Public Offering, we pay the Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of our management team. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Related Party Note and Advances On June 30, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $300,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs
incurred in connection with the Public Offering pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The promissory note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2020 and the completion of
the Public Offering. The outstanding balance of $126,005 under the promissory note was paid in full in connection with the closing of the Public Offering. Our officers and directors are entitled to reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating, negotiating and completing an initial business combination. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, our officers, directors or its or their affiliates. In addition, in order to finance
transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required on a non-interest basis. If we complete the business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside
the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Except as set forth above, the terms of such loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Registration Rights The holders of the
Founder Shares, private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such private placement warrants and private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans have registration rights to require
us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In
addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
filing of any such registration statements. In connection with the Business Combination, the registration rights agreement will be
amended and restated. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. 49 Table of Contents Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of
our annual consolidated financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the period from June 4,
2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 totaled approximately $76,000. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the
audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and
reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a
going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors,
including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the
audit). PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1) | Financial Statements Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheet | F-3
Consolidated Statement of Operations | F-4
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity | F-5
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 (2) | Financial Statement Schedule None. (3) | Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 50 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page No.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2020 | F-3
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-4
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-5
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020 | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Colonnade
Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020,
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from June 4,
2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory
Paragraph — Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will
continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s cash and working capital as of December 31,
2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities, has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company’s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement
of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. / S / Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2020 .
Houston, Texas
March 8, 2021 F-2 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2020 ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 697,957
Prepaid expenses | 314,138
Total Current Assets | 1,012,095
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 200,061,054
Total Assets | $ | 201,073,149
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 2,348,246
Accrued offering costs | 100
Total Current Liabilities | 2,348,346
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 7,000,000
Total Liabilities | 9,348,346
Commitments
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 18,666,781 shares at redemption value | 186,724,794
Shareholders’ Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized; 1,333,219 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 18,666,781 shares subject to possible redemption) | 133
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding | 500
Additional paid-in capital | 7,701,942
Accumulated deficit | (2,702,566 | )
Total Shareholders’ Equity | 5,000,009
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity | $ | 201,073,149 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 4, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Formation and operational costs | $ | 2,763,620
Loss from operations | (2,763,620 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 57,914
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 3,140
Other income | 61,054
Net loss | $ | (2,702,566 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption | 18,938,199
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, ordinary shares | 6,150,329
Basic and diluted net loss per share, ordinary shares | $ | (0.45 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 4, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Class A Ordinary Shares | Class B Ordinary Shares | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Shareholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – June 4, 2020 (inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor | — | — | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | — | 25,000
Sale of 20,000,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs | 20,000,000 | 2,000 | — | — | 188,400,369 | — | 188,402,369
Sale of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 6,000,000 | — | 6,000,000
Forfeiture of Founder Shares | — | — | (750,000 | ) | (75 | ) | 75 | — | —
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (18,666,781 | ) | (1,867 | ) | — | — | (186,722,927 | ) | — | (186,724,794 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (2,702,566 | ) | (2,702,566 | )
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 1,333,219 | $ | 133 | 5,000,000 | $ | 500 | $ | 7,701,942 | $ | (2,702,566 | ) | $ | 5,000,009 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 4, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (2,702,566 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (57,914 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (3,140 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (314,138 | )
Accrued expenses | 2,348,246
Net cash used in operating activities | (729,512 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (200,000,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (200,000,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 196,000,000
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 6,000,000
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 126,005
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (126,005 | )
Payment of offering costs | (572,531 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 201,427,469
Net Change in Cash | 697,957
Cash – Beginning | —
Cash – Ending | $ | 697,957
Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 189,422,360
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | (2,697,566 | )
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 7,000,000
Offering costs paid directly by Sponsor from proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares | $ | 25,000
Offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | 100 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Colonnade Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 4, 2020. The
Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (“Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited to a particular industry or geographic region for purposes of completing a Business Combination, the Company intends to
focus on industries that complements the Company’s management team’s expertise and network of relationships in the natural resources, energy, real estate and agricultural industries. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth
company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. The Company has one
subsidiary, Beam Merger Sub, Inc. (formerly known as C-Sweet Sub, Inc,), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware on December 15, 2020 (“Merger Sub”). As of December 31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, identifying a target company for a Business Combination, and activities in connection with
the proposed acquisition of Ouster, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Ouster”) (see Note 6). The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The
registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering became effective on August 20, 2020. On August 25, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect
to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $200,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 6,000,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Colonnade Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to $11,597,631, consisting of $4,000,000 of underwriting fees, $7,000,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $597,631 of other
offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 25, 2020, an amount of $200,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net
proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting
certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the
funds in the Trust Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the
specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward completing a Business Combination. The
Company must complete its initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
commissions held in the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and
outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. The Company will provide its shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a
portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the
Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account
(initially $10.00 per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its
tax obligations. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. F-7 Table of Contents If the Company seeks shareholder approval, the Company will complete a Business Combination only if it
receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required
under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the
SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased in or
after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive its redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination. However, in no event will the
Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Business Combination, and instead
may search for an alternate Business Combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules, the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in
concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20% of the
Public Shares without the Company’s prior written consent. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any
Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or
timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to
shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such
amendment and (iii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination. The Company will have until August 25, 2022 (the “Combination Period”) to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the
outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned (less taxes payable and up to $100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to its
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor has agreed to waive its
liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission
(see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be
available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit
($10.00). F-8 Table of Contents The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent any claims by a third
party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or by a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per Public Share and (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00
per Public Share due to reductions in the value of trust assets, less taxes payable. This liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the
Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the
possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company’s independent public accountants), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to
evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its
operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $697,957 in its operating bank accounts, $200,061,054 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used for a
Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital deficit of $1,336,251. As of December 31, 2020, approximately $61,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented
interest income, which is available to pay the Company’s tax obligations. Until the consummation of a Business Combination, the Company will be
using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to acquire, and
structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company will need to raise additional capital through loans or additional
investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company’s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they
deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company’s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take
additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance
that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern through August 25, 2022, the deadline to complete a
Business Combination pursuant to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (unless otherwise amended by stockholders). These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded
assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. NOTE 2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority owned subsidiary where the Company has the ability to
exercise control. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Activities in relation to the non-controlling interest are not considered to be significant and
are, therefore, not presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. F-9 Table of Contents Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to
comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act)
are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised
and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of
the Company’s consolidated financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition,
situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company did not
have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At December 31, 2020, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds, which primarily invest in U.S. Treasury
Bills. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary
shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as
temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and
subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s
balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company
accounts for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax
basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a
portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be
recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as
income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. F-10 Table of Contents The Company is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or
income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s tax provision was zero for the periods presented. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share Net
income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering and
Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 16,000,000 shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be
anti-dilutive. The Company’s statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per ordinary share. Net income (loss) per ordinary share, basic and diluted, for Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is
calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income or loss on marketable securities held by the Trust Account by the weighted average number of Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income or
loss on marketable securities attributable to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable ordinary shares include Founder Shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
ordinary shares participate in the income or loss on marketable securities based on non-redeemable ordinary shares’ proportionate interest. The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): For Period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020
Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
Interest income | $ | 54,051
Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account | 2,931
Net income allocable to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 56,982
Denominator: Weighted Average Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 18,938,199
Basic and diluted net income per share | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares
Numerator: Net Loss minus Net Earnings
Net loss | $ | (2,702,566 | )
Less: Net income allocable to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (56,982 | )
Non-Redeemable Net Loss | $ | (2,759,548 | )
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Ordinary Shares
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 6,150,329
Basic and diluted net loss per share | $ | (0.45 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution which, at
times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair
value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet,
primarily due to their short-term nature. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements. F-11 Table of Contents NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 20,000,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per
share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 6,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00
per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $6,000,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On June 30, 2020, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 5,750,000 of
the Company’s Class B ordinary shares (the “Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters’
over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would collectively represent 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. On October 9,
2020, the underwriters’ election to exercise their over-allotment option expired unexercised, resulting in the forfeiture of 750,000 Founder Shares. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2020, there are 5,000,000 Founder Shares issued and
outstanding (see Note 7). The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the
earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as
adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on August 21, 2020, the Company will pay the Sponsor $10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from June 4, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020, the Company incurred and paid $40,000 of such fees. Due to Sponsor The Sponsor advanced $600,000 to the Company in anticipation of the amount to be paid for the purchase of additional Private Placement Units in the event the
underwriters’ exercised their over-allotment option. The advance was due on demand should the over-allotment option not be exercised by the underwriters. On September 23, 2020, the $600,000 was returned to the Sponsor as the over-allotment
option was not exercised. Promissory Note – Related Party On June 30, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to an aggregate amount of $300,000 to be used, in part, for transaction costs incurred in
connection with the Initial Public Offering (the “Promissory Note”). The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 and (ii) the
completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Note of $126,005 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 25, 2020. F-12 Table of Contents Related Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a
Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to
the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be
used to repay the Working Capital Loans. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant to a registration
rights agreement entered into on August 20, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) are entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register a sale of any of the
securities held by them, including any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands,
excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business
Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $7,000,000 in the aggregate. A portion of such amount not to exceed 40% of
the total amount of deferred underwriting commissions held in the Trust Account may be paid at the sole discretion of the Company to parties who may or may not participate in the Initial Public Offering (but who are members of FINRA) that assist the
Company in consummating a Business Combination. The election to make such payments to such parties will be solely at the discretion of the Company’s management team. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held
in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Advisory and Consulting Agreements On
December 4, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will serve as the placement agent for the Company in connection with a proposed private placement (the “Proposed
Transaction”) of the Company’s equity or equity-linked securities (the “Equity Securities”). The Company agreed to pay the service provider a cash fee of equal to 50% of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the total fair market of the
Equity Securities sold in the Proposed Transaction subject to a minimum fee of $1,000,000 and reimbursable expenses not to exceed $50,000 without the Company’s prior written consent. As of December 31, 2020, no amounts were incurred under
this agreement. On December 4, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will
serve as media relations, due diligence, and transaction prep for the Company in connection with a proposed business combination. The Company agreed to pay the service provider a cash fee of (i) $15,000 per month until the consummation of a Business
Combination, (ii) $200,000 payable only upon consummation of a Business Combination and (iii) a discretionary performance bonus in the amount of $200,000 upon the consummation of the Business Combination, at the sole discretion of the Company.
As of December 31, 2020, the Company incurred $4,839 under this agreement, of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. On December 5, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with a service provider, pursuant to which the service provider will serve as the co-placement agent for the Company in connection with a proposed private placement (the “Transaction”) of the Company’s equity or equity-linked securities (the “Securities”). The Company
agreed to pay the service provider a cash fee of $2,800,000, payable at the closing of the Business Combination and a cash fee equal to 50% of 3.5% of the gross proceeds of the total Securities sold in the Transaction subject to a minimum fee of
$2,200,000. As of December 31, 2020, no amounts were incurred under this agreement. F-13 Table of Contents Merger Agreement On December 21, 2020, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), with Merger Sub and Ouster, relating to
a proposed business combination transaction between the Company and Ouster. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Ouster,
the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Ouster will be the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger”) and will be renamed Ouster Inc. As a result of the Merger, among other things, all outstanding shares of capital stock of Ouster will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive, in
the aggregate, a number of shares of Ouster PubCo common stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $1,500,000,000 by (y) $10.00. The Merger Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants by the parties thereto and the closing is subject to certain conditions as
further described in the Merger Agreement. NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference Shares —The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preference shares with a par value of $0.0001. The Company’s board of
directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of
each series. The board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could
have anti-takeover effects. At December 31, 2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, with
a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020, there were 1,333,219 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 18,666,781 Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B Ordinary Shares —The Company is authorized to
issue 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020, there were 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares
issued and outstanding. Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business
Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the completion
of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued
or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20% of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding
after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or
convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that
such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Warrants —Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the
Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
The Public Warrants will expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. F-14 Table of Contents The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a
Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant
unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its
best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become
effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement
covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
In addition, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of the Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company
elects to do so, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; • | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and • | if, and only if, the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company send to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise
its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the
Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant
agreement. The exercise price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net
cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of
directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”),
(y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the
Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. F-15 Table of Contents The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial
Public Offering, except that (x) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the
completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (y) the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees and (z) the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will be entitled to registration rights. If the Private
Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows the
guidance in ASC Topic 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and
liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of the
Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources)
and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and
unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis at December 31, 2020, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 200,061,054 NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. F-16 Table of Contents Exhibit Number | Description
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2020, by and among Colonnade Acquisition Corp., Beam Merger Sub, Inc. and Ouster, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-251611), filed with the SEC on December 22, 2020).
3.1 | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
4.2 | Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-l (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
4.4 | Warrant Agreement between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.1 | Letter Agreement among Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and BTIG, LLC, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement among Colonnade Acquisition Corp., Colonnade Sponsor LLC and the holders signatory thereto, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.4 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Colonnade Sponsor LLC, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.5 | Administrative Services Agreement by and among Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Colonnade Sponsor LLC, dated as of August 20, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the corresponding exhibit to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39463), filed with the SEC on August 25, 2020).
10.6 | Form of Indemnity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
10.7 | Promissory Note, dated as of June 30, 2020 by Colonnade Acquisition Corp. in favor of Colonnade Sponsor LLC, in the amount of $300,000 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
10.8 | Securities Subscription Agreement by and among Colonnade Acquisition Corp. and Colonnade Sponsor LLC, dated June 30, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-240378), filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature pages herein).
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF XBRL | Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB XBRL | Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE XBRL | Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 9, 2021 COLONNADE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Remy W. Trafelet
Name: Remy W. Trafelet
Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned of Colonnade Acquisition Corp. hereby constitute and appoint each of Joseph S. Sambuco and Remy W. Trafelet, with the power to
act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our hue and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power to execute in our name and
behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits and other documents relating thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or such attorney-in-fact’s substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated below. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Joseph S. Sambuco | Chairman of the Board of Directors | March 9, 2021
Joseph S. Sambuco
/s/ Remy W. Trafelet | Chief Executive Officer and Director | March 9, 2021
Remy W. Trafelet | (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ James C. Flores | Director | March 9, 2021
James C. Flores
/s/ Emil W. Henry, Jr. | Director | March 9, 2021
Emil W. Henry, Jr.
/s/ Manny De Zárraga | Director | March 9, 2021
Manny De Zárraga