S-3/A 1 d502854ds3a.htm S-3/A S-3/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2023 Registration No. 333-271845 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO
1. TO FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Ouster, Inc. (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 86-2528989
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 350 Treat Avenue San Francisco, California 94110 (415) 949-0108 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Megan Chung General
Counsel Ouster, Inc. 350 Treat Avenue San
Francisco, California 94110 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Drew
Capurro Latham & Watkins LLP 650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor Costa Mesa, CA 92626 (714) 540-1235 APPROXIMATE DATE OF
COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being
registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any of
the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans,
check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the
Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration
statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or
additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐ Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends
this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE Ouster, Inc. is filing this Amendment No. 1 (this “Amendment”) to its registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-271845) (as amended, the “Registration Statement”) as an exhibit-only filing. Accordingly, this Amendment consists only of the facing
page, this explanatory note, Part II of the Registration Statement, the signature page to the Registration Statement and the filed exhibits. The remainder of the Registration Statement is unchanged and has therefore been omitted. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth the estimated expenses to be borne by the registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the
shares of common stock and warrants being registered hereby. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 7,135
Accounting fees and expenses | 170,000
Legal fees and expenses | 50,000
Miscellaneous expenses | 30,000
Total | $ | 257,135 Item 15. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) empowers a corporation
to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action,
suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the
capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the
person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the
corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case,
such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification
provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors
and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out
of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. II-1 Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of
incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not
eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our
Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our
board of directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee’s
involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all direct and indirect costs,
fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including all other disbursements, obligations or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or
preparing to be witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding. The indemnification agreements also require us to advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses that such
director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce
our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. The foregoing
is only a general summary of certain aspects of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the DGCL and our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Item 16. | Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021)
3.1.1 | Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2023)
3.2 | Bylaws of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021)
5.1# | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP
23.1* | Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
23.2* | Consent of KPMG LLP
23.3# | Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1* | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to the initial filing of this registration statement)
99.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated October 14, 2018, by and between Velodyne Lidar, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Velodyne Lidar, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2018). II-2 Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
99.2† | Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, by and between Velodyne Lidar, Inc. and Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, dated as of February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Velodyne Lidar, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2022).
107* | Filing Fee Table # | Filed herewith. * | Previously filed. † | Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by “[***]”) have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Item 17. | Undertakings (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); (ii) | to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, | however, that (B) | paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (ii) and (iii) do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement; (2) | that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) | to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; (5) | that, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (ii) | Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to
be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or II-3 prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made
in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use; and (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (h) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Francisco, State of
California, on May 22, 2023. OUSTER, INC.
By: | /s/ Mark Weinswig
Mark Weinswig
Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed
by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
* Angus Pacala | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | May 22, 2023
/s/ Mark Weinswig Mark Weinswig | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | May 22, 2023
* Theodore L. Tewksbury | Chair of the Board of Directors | May 22, 2023
* Virginia Boulet | Director | May 22, 2023
* Susan Heystee | Director | May 22, 2023
* Ernest E. Maddock | Director | May 22, 2023
* Karin Rådström | Director | May 22, 2023
* Kristin Slanina | Director | May 22, 2023
* Riaz Valani | Director | May 22, 2023 *By: | /s/ Mark Weinswig
Mark Weinswig
Attorney-in-Fact