S-3 1 d941667ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2025 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Ouster, Inc. (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 86-2528989
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 350 Treat Avenue San Francisco, California 94110 (415) 949-0108 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Megan Chung General
Counsel and Secretary Ouster, Inc. 350 Treat Avenue San
Francisco, California 94110 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Drew
Capurro Latham & Watkins LLP 140 Scott Drive Menlo
Park, California 94025 (650) 328-4600 APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is
a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to
a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐ Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall
file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on
such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE This registration statement on Form S-3 (this “Registration Statement”) is being filed by
Ouster, Inc. (the “Company”) pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), to replace the Company’s registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264600 ), filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on May 2, 2022 (the “Expiring Registration Statement”), which is due to expire on May 9, 2025. Pursuant to
Rule 415(a)(5)(ii) under the Securities Act, by filing this Registration Statement, the Company may issue and sell securities covered by the Expiring Registration Statement until the earlier of the effective date of this Registration Statement or
180 days after May 9, 2025. Pursuant to Rule 415(a)(6) under the Securities Act, we are registering on this Registration Statement an aggregate of $158.6 million of unsold securities (the “Unsold Securities”) previously
registered under the Expiring Registration Statement to be offered, issued and sold by the Company. In accordance with Rule 415(a)(6), the effectiveness of this Registration Statement will be deemed to terminate the Expiring Registration Statement. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the
registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not
permitted. Subject to Completion, dated May 2, 2025 PROSPECTUS Ouster, Inc. $200,000,000 Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt Securities Depositary Shares Warrants Purchase
Contracts Units We may offer and sell up to $200,000,000 in the aggregate of the securities identified above from time to time in one or more offerings. This
prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities. Each time we offer and sell securities, we will provide a
supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the offering and the amounts, prices and terms of the securities. The supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that
offering. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement before you invest in any of our securities. We may offer and sell the securities described in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement to or through one or more underwriters,
dealers and agents, or directly to purchasers, or through a combination of these methods. If any underwriters, dealers or agents are involved in the sale of any of the securities, their names and any applicable purchase price, fee, commission or
discount arrangement between or among them will be set forth, or will be calculable from the information set forth, in the applicable prospectus supplement to the extent appropriate or required by law. See the sections of this prospectus entitled
“About This Prospectus” and “Plan of Distribution” for more information. No securities may be sold without delivery of this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the offering of
such securities. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES INVOLVES RISKS. SEE THE “ RISK FACTORS ” ON PAGE 6 OF THIS PROSPECTUS
AND ANY SIMILAR SECTION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT AND IN THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE HEREIN OR THEREIN CONCERNING FACTORS YOU SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES. Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “OUST”. On May 1, 2025, the closing sale
price of our common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $7.58 per share. Neither the Securities and Exchange
Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is    , 2025. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 2
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 3
THE COMPANY | 5
RISK FACTORS | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 7
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 8
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 20
DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES | 28
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 31
DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS | 33
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 34
GLOBAL SECURITIES | 35
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 39
LEGAL MATTERS | 41
EXPERTS | 41 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using
a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell securities from time to time and in one or more offerings as described in this prospectus. Each time that we offer and sell securities, we will provide a
prospectus supplement to this prospectus that contains specific information about the securities being offered and sold and the specific terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that
may contain material information relating to these offerings. Such prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency
between the information in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable. Before purchasing any securities, you should
carefully read both this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement (and any applicable free writing prospectuses), together with the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information;
Incorporation by Reference.” We have not authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other
than those contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the
reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We will not make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and
the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing
prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference or, in each case, any earlier date specified for such information, unless we indicate otherwise. Our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data
and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information
and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing
prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable
prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. When we refer to “we,” “our,” “us” and the “Company” in this prospectus, we mean Ouster, Inc. and its
consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of the applicable series of securities. 1 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement contain forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to,
among other things, our operations and financial performance. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement are forward-looking statements, including any statements
regarding our ability to maintain or grow our global sales and bolster our financial position; our expected contractual obligations and capital expenditures; the capabilities of and demand for our products; our anticipated new product launches and
anticipated impacts from recent product launches; our future results of operations and financial position; industry and business trends; the remediation of material weaknesses; the impact of market conditions and other macroeconomic factors on our
business, financial condition and results of operation; expectations regarding legal proceedings; our future business strategy, plans, distribution partnerships, market growth and our objectives for future operations. These statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “should,”
“expects,” “might,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “contemplates,” “believes,” “estimates,”
“predicts,” “potential,” “seek,” “would” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations
and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we
cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or
occur and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Some of the key factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations include, but are not limited to, the risks described
under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this
prospectus. 2 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available
Information We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . You may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our web site address is www.ouster.com. The information on
our web site, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus. This
prospectus and any prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as
provided below. Forms of the indenture and other documents establishing the terms of any offered securities are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement.
Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more
complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. Incorporation by Reference The
SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information
incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed
document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or
replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth
below that have previously been filed with the SEC: • | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2025. • | The information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on April 28, 2025. • | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 17, 2025 (Item 5.02 only), April 11, 2025 and April 29, 2025 . • | The description of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on December 20, 2024, as updated in Exhibit 4.3 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on March 21, 2025, as well as any additional amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. All reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the “Exchange Act” in this prospectus, prior to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the 3 Table of Contents initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated
by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. You
may request a free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus by writing or telephoning us at the following address: Ouster, Inc. 350 Treat Avenue San Francisco, California 94110 (415) 949-0108 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus
or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 4 Table of Contents THE COMPANY Ouster is building the eyes of autonomy. We are a leading global provider of lidar sensors and solutions for the automotive, industrial,
robotics, and smart infrastructure industries. Ouster’s products include high-resolution scanning and solid-state digital lidar sensors, analog lidar sensors, and software solutions. We anticipate that 3D vision technologies, coupled with artificial intelligence, will power autonomy that in turn will fundamentally disrupt
business models across many existing industries and enable entirely new industries and capabilities. We believe that our digital lidar sensors are one of the highest performing, lowest cost solutions available today, which we believe positions us at
the center of a global revolution in autonomy. We envision a future where our digital technology enables lidar to become universal,
empowering 3D perception capabilities within robots, cars, trucks, and drones, as well as factories, warehouses, roads, sidewalks, public spaces, retail stores, stadiums, docks, and airport terminals. We believe our patented digital approach to
lidar and our ongoing development of perception, analytics, mapping, and localization software will better position us in this changing environment. The registrant was initially incorporated under the name “Colonnade Acquisition Corp.” on June 4, 2020 as a Cayman Islands
exempted company for purposes of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On March 10, 2021, the registrant domesticated into a Delaware
corporation and changed our name to “Ouster, Inc.” in connection with the consummation of the business combination with Ouster Technologies, Inc. Our principal executive office is located at 350 Treat Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94110. Our telephone number is (415) 949-0108. Our website address is www.ouster.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference
only. 5 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investment in any securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. You should carefully
consider the risk factors incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and all other information contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information
contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus before acquiring any of such securities. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business operations. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. The
discussion of risks includes or refers to forward-looking statements. You should read the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on such forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus and in any
applicable prospectus supplement. 6 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. 7 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of the terms of our capital stock and warrants is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), our Second Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) and the warrant agreements, all of which are attached as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to “our”, “we”, “us”, the “Company”, and “Ouster” refer to Ouster, Inc. Capital Stock Authorized Capitalization General The total amount of
our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Preferred Stock Our board of directors
(the “Board”) has authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend
rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). The issuance of preferred stock could have the
effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in
control of our Company. We will fix the designations, voting powers, preferences and rights of the preferred stock of each series, as
well as the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in the certificate of designation relating to that series. We will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference
from reports that we file with the SEC, the form of any certificate of designation that describes the terms of the series of preferred stock we are offering before the issuance of that series of preferred stock. The DGCL provides that the holders of preferred stock will have the right to vote separately as a class (or, in some cases, as a series) on an
amendment to our certificate of incorporation if the amendment would change the par value or, unless the certificate of incorporation provided otherwise, the number of authorized shares of the class or change the powers, preferences or special
rights of the class or series so as to adversely affect the class or series, as the case may be. This right is in addition to any voting rights that may be provided for in the applicable certificate of designation. Common Stock Our common stock does not
entitle its holders to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. Our common stock is neither convertible nor redeemable. Unless our Board determines otherwise, we will issue all of our capital stock in
uncertificated form. Voting Rights Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, as provided by the
Certificate of Incorporation. The Bylaws provide that the holders of one-third (1/3) in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote, present in person, or by remote communication, if
applicable, or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast (excluding abstentions and broker 8 Table of Contents non-votes) is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, and except for the election of
directors, which is determined by a plurality vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. Dividend Rights Each holder of shares of our capital stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by Board from
time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on our ability to
declare and pay dividends. Other Rights The rights of each holder of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of our
preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. Liquidation Rights If we are involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, or a similar event, each holder of our
common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of our preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. Anti-takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of
our Company. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our Company to
first negotiate with the Board, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give the Board the power to discourage mergers that some stockholders may favor. Special Meetings of Stockholders The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by (a) the Chairperson of the Board,
(b) the Board, (c) our Chief Executive Officer or (d) our President, provided that such special meeting may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by the Board or other person calling the special meeting. Action by Written Consent The
Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Classified Board of Directors Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that our Board is divided into three classes, with the classes as nearly equal in number as possible and each class serving three-year staggered terms. The Board or any individual director may be removed from
office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of our voting stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. 9 Table of Contents Election of Directors and Vacancies Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, the number
of directors of our Board is fixed exclusively by the Board. Our Board is divided into three classes, designated Class I, II and III, with each class to be elected by our stockholders every three years. Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Our Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws, subject to the power of our stockholders entitled to vote with respect
thereto to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Our stockholders have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws; provided, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of our stock required by applicable law or by our
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, the adoption, amendment or repeal of our Bylaws by our stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all
of the then outstanding shares of our voting stock entitled to vote generally in an election of directors. Additionally, the vote of at
least 66 2/3% of the total voting power of our outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, including those relating to the terms of our
authorized preferred stock (Article V(B)), the authority and composition of our Board (Article VII), special meetings of our stockholders and the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent (Article VIII), limitation of liability of our
directors (Article IX), restrictions similar to Section 203 of the DGCL (Article X), our obligation to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law (Article XI), exclusive jurisdiction of certain legal proceedings
involving our stockholders (Article XII) and the requirements for amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation (Article XIII). Delaware
Anti-Takeover Statute Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the voting stock of a
Delaware corporation, such person becomes an “interested stockholder” and may not engage in certain “business combinations” with such corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15% or more of such
corporation’s voting stock, unless: (a) the board of directors of such corporation approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, (b) the interested
stockholder owns at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans), or (c) the merger
transaction is approved by the board of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by
the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL,
but the Certificate of Incorporation provides other similar restrictions regarding takeovers by interested stockholders. Limitations on Liability
and Indemnification of Officers and Directors The Certificate of Incorporation provides that we are to indemnify our directors to
the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by the Board. Under the Bylaws, we are
required to indemnify each of our directors and officers if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee
or agent for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably 10 Table of Contents incurred by the indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to
our best interests, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful. The Bylaws also require us to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a
director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person will repay any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to
indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) will be
the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or
stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action, suit or
proceeding as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (v) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or stockholder governed by the
internal affairs doctrine, and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in connection with any
action brought in any such court to enforce the exclusive jurisdiction provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and (b) service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and
state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such Securities Act claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, the Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act; however, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any cause of action arising by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe these provisions would
benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of applicable law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, these provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Transfer Agent The transfer agent
for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Stock Exchange Listing Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “OUST.” 11 Table of Contents Warrants Ouster’s 2026 Public Warrants (Nasdaq Capital Market: OUSTZ) The term “2026 public warrants” refers to the Company’s warrants that were offered and sold in the Company’s initial public
offering pursuant to a registration statement. Each ten (10) 2026 public warrants entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at a price of $115.00 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, provided that there
is an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a
cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the applicable warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to
the warrant agreement governing the 2026 public warrants, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our common stock. This means only a whole 2026 public warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant
holder. The 2026 public warrants will expire on March 11, 2026 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We are not obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a 2026 public warrant and have no obligation to settle
such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of our common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying our
obligations described below with respect to registration. No 2026 public warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a share of common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such
warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not
satisfied with respect to a 2026 public warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any 2026 public
warrant. We have agreed to maintain the effectiveness of a registration statement covering the issuance, under the Securities Act, of the
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2026 public warrants, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the applicable warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the
above, if the shares of common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act,
we may, at our option, require holders of 2026 public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required
to maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will be obligated to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. We may call the warrants for redemption: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.10 per warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder; and • | if, and only if, the reported closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $180.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the 2026 public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 12 Table of Contents If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the 2026
public warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our common stock may fall below the $180.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock
splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $115.00 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the 2026 public warrants for redemption as described above, our Board will have the option to require any holder that wishes to
exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their 2026 public warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management may consider, among other factors, our
cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. If we takes advantage of this option, all
holders of 2026 public warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (b) the fair market value. The “fair market value” will mean the average reported closing price of
the shares of common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If we take advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the
information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to be received upon exercise of the 2026 public warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the
number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the 2026 public warrants. If we call the 2026 public
warrants for redemption and do not take advantage of this option, the holders of the private placement warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis
using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A holder of a 2026 public
warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such
person’s affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as specified by the holder) of the shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to such exercise. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of our
common stock, or by a split-up or other similar event, then, on the effective date of stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock
issuable on exercise of each 2026 public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of our common stock. A rights offering to holders of our common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of our common
stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of our common stock equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under
any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for shares of our common stock) and (b) the quotient of (i) the price per share of our common stock paid in such rights offering and
(ii) the fair market value. For these purposes (a) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of our common stock, in determining the price payable for shares of our common stock, there will be
taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (b) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of shares of our common stock as reported
during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of our common stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the 2026 public warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to the holders of shares of our common stock on account 13 Table of Contents of such shares of common stock (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than as described above or certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant exercise price
will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of our common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of our common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each 2026
public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of our common stock. Whenever the number of shares
of our common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the 2026 public warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction
(a) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (b) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so
purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of our common stock
(other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of our common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of our Company with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which
we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets
or other property of our as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the 2026 public warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and
conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of our common stock or other
securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had
exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of our common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares of common stock in the successor entity
that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted
immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the 2026 public warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the
warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the 2026 public warrants when an extraordinary
transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the 2026 public warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The 2026 public warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the 2026 public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (a) curing any ambiguity or to correct any defective provision,
(b) adjusting the provisions relating to cash dividends on shares of our common stock as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (c) adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions
arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the interests of the registered holders of the 2026 public warrants. All other
modifications or amendments will require the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then-outstanding 2026 public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants, 50% of the then outstanding 14 Table of Contents private placement warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a
complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The 2026 public warrants may be exercised upon surrender of
the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise
price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The holders of our 2026 public warrants do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of our
common stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of our common stock. After the issuance of shares of our common stock upon exercise of the 2026 public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for
each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise
its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our common stock. This means that no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the 2026 public warrants. If, upon exercise of the 2026 public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a
fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of our common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Ouster’s Private Placement Warrants Private placement warrants refers to the warrants issued in a private placement to Colonnade Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”). The private
placement warrants (including the shares of our common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor, members of the Sponsor or their permitted transferees. The Sponsor or its
permitted transferees have the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the 2026 public warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by
the holders on the same basis as the 2026 public warrants. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a
cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of shares of our common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the product of the number of shares of our common stock
underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (b) the fair market value. The “fair market value” will mean the average reported
closing price of the shares of our common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. Ouster’s 2025 Public Warrants (Nasdaq Global Select Market: OUSTW) The term “2025 public warrants” refers to the public warrants of Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (“Velodyne”) that became public
warrants exercisable for Ouster, Inc. common stock in connection with the completed merger of equals with Ouster, Inc. and Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (the “Velodyne Merger”). Each 2025 public warrant entitles the holder to purchase 0.06153
shares of the Company’s common stock. Each ten (10) 2025 public warrants entitles the registered holder to purchase 0.6153 shares of our common stock at a price of $140.20 per 0.6153 share of common stock, with no fractional shares being
issuable upon exercise of a warrant, subject to adjustment as discussed below. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of our common stock. This means that no fractional shares
will be issued upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants. If, upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, Ouster will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of
shares of common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. The 2025 public warrants will expire on September 29, 2025 at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 15 Table of Contents We are not obligated to deliver any shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a
2025 public warrant and have no obligation to settle such 2025 public warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of our common stock underlying the 2025 public warrants is then effective and
a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No 2025 public warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock upon exercise of
a warrant unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt from registration or qualification under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of
the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a 2025 public warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no
value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. During any period when we have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants, warrant holders have the right to exercise public warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if common stock is at the time of any exercise of a 2025 public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of
a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and in the event
we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify for sale the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. We may call the 2025 public warrants for redemption: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.10 per warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each warrant holder; • | if (i) there is an effective registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating thereto available throughout the 30-day redemption period or (ii) we have elected to require the exercise of the warrants on a cashless basis; and • | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds $219.41 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the 2025 public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our
redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the 2025 public warrants,
each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of our common stock may fall below the $219.41 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $140.20 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If
we call the 2025 public warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders
to exercise their 2025 public warrants on a “cashless basis,” our management and our Board 16 Table of Contents may consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of common
stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. If Ouster management takes advantage of this option, all holders of 2025 public warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to
the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of our common stock (defined below) over the exercise price of the
warrants by (b) the fair market value. The “fair market value,” with respect to this paragraph only, will mean the average reported last sale price of Ouster common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of 2025 public warrants. If we take advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of common stock to
be received upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants, including the “fair market value” in such case. If the number of
outstanding shares of our common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of our common stock, or by a split-up of shares of common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of
such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each 2025 public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares
of our common stock. A rights offering to holders of our common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of our common stock at a price less than the fair market value (defined below) will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of our
common stock equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for common
stock) and (b) one (1) minus the quotient of (i) the price per share of our common stock paid in such rights offering and (ii) the fair market value. For these purposes, (a) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for common stock, in determining the price payable for common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and
(b) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of common stock trade on the applicable exchange or
in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. In addition, if we, at any time while the 2025 public
warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of common stock on account of such shares of common stock (or other shares of Ouster capital stock into which the
warrants are convertible), other than as described above or certain ordinary cash dividends, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair
market value as determined by our Board in good faith of any securities or other assets paid on each share of common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of our common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of common stock issuable on exercise of each 2025
public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of our common stock. Whenever the number of shares
of our common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the 2025 public warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction
(a) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (b) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of common stock so
purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of our common stock
(other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of our common stock), or in the case of 17 Table of Contents any merger or consolidation of our Company with or into another entity or conversion of our Company as another entity (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing
corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another entity of the assets or other property of ours as an
entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the 2025 public warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the
warrants and in lieu of the shares of our common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of our common stock or other securities or property
(including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their
warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of shares of our common stock in the applicable event is payable in the form of common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading
on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event,
and if the registered holder of the 2025 public warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced by an amount (in dollars) as specified in the warrant
agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the 2025 public warrants when an extraordinary transaction
occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. The 2025 public warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company,
as warrant agent, and Velodyne (formerly known as Graf Industrial Corp.) and became securities of Ouster at the closing of the Velodyne Merger. Warrant holders should review a copy of the warrant agreement for a complete description of the terms and
conditions applicable to the 2025 public warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the 2025 public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or to cure, correct or supplement any defective
provision, or to add or change any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties may deem necessary or desirable and which shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders, but
requires the vote or written consent by the holders of at least 50% of the ten-outstanding 2025 public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of warrants.
You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the
warrants. The 2025 public warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the
offices of the warrant agent, with the election to purchase form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by good
certified check or good bank draft payable to the warrant agent or by wire of immediately available funds, for the number of warrants being exercised. The holders of 2025 public warrants do not have the rights of holders of common stock, including,
without limitation, the right to receive dividends or other distributions, exercise any preemptive rights to vote, or to consent or receive notice as stockholders in respect of the meetings of stockholders or the election of directors of Ouster or
any other matter until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of our common stock. After the issuance of shares of our common stock upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants. If,
upon exercise of the 2025 public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of our common stock to be issued to the warrant holder. 18 Table of Contents Amazon Warrants Velodyne agreed to issue to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amazon Inc. (“Amazon”), a warrant to
acquire, following customary antidilution adjustments, up to an aggregate of 3,263,898 shares of the Company’s common stock at an exercise price of $50.71 per share (the “Amazon Warrant”), which was assumed by the Company in
connection with the Velodyne Merger. The exercise price and the warrant shares issuable upon exercise of the Amazon Warrant are subject
to further antidilution adjustments, including in the event the Company makes certain sales of common stock (or securities exercisable or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of the Company’s common stock) at a price less than the
exercise price of the Amazon Warrant. As a result of the issuance and sale by the Company of an additional 6,045,428 shares of common stock in the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 pursuant to an At-Market-Issuance Sales Agreement at prices below the exercise price of the Amazon Warrant, an antidilution adjustment to the terms of the Amazon Warrant occurred, resulting in the increase in the number of
shares issuable under the Amazon Warrant by 3,374 shares of common stock and a reduction to the original strike price of the Amazon Warrant to $50.64 per share. As of December 31, 2024, there were 3,267,890 shares of common stock issuable under
the Amazon Warrant. The Amazon Warrant shares vest in multiple tranches over time based on payments of up to $100.0 million by
Amazon or its affiliates (directly or indirectly through third parties) to the Company in connection with Amazon’s purchase of goods and services. The fair value of the unvested Amazon Warrant, representing 1,107,586 unvested Ouster common
stock shares, will be recognized as a non-cash stock-based reduction to revenue when Amazon makes payments and vesting conditions become probable of being achieved. The right to exercise the Amazon Warrant and receive the warrant shares that have vested expires February 4, 2030. 19 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES The following description, together with the additional information we include in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing
prospectus, summarizes certain general terms and provisions of the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus. When we offer to sell a particular series of debt securities, we will describe the specific terms of the series in a
supplement to this prospectus. We will also indicate in the supplement to what extent the general terms and provisions described in this prospectus apply to a particular series of debt securities. The terms of any debt securities offered under a
prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We may issue debt securities either separately, or together with, or
upon the conversion or exercise of or in exchange for, other securities described in this prospectus. Debt securities may be our senior, senior subordinated or subordinated obligations and, unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this
prospectus, the debt securities will be our direct, unsecured obligations and may be issued in one or more series. The debt securities
will be issued under an indenture between us and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. We have summarized select portions of the indenture below. The summary is not complete. The form of the indenture has been filed as an exhibit to
the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and you should read the indenture for provisions that may be important to you. In the summary below, we have included references to the section numbers of the indenture so that you can
easily locate these provisions. Capitalized terms used in the summary and not defined herein have the meanings specified in the indenture. As used in this section only, “Ouster,” “we,” “our” or “us” refer to Ouster, Inc. excluding our
subsidiaries, unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires. General The terms of each series of debt securities will be established by or pursuant to a resolution of our board of directors and set forth or
determined in the manner provided in a resolution of our board of directors, in an officer’s certificate or by a supplemental indenture. (Section 2.2) The particular terms of each series of debt securities will be described in a prospectus
supplement relating to such series (including any pricing supplement or term sheet). We can issue an unlimited amount of debt securities
under the indenture that may be in one or more series with the same or various maturities, at par, at a premium, or at a discount. (Section 2.1) We will set forth in a prospectus supplement (including any pricing supplement or term sheet) relating
to any series of debt securities being offered, the aggregate principal amount and the following terms of the debt securities, if applicable: • | the title and ranking of the debt securities (including the terms of any subordination provisions); • | the price or prices (expressed as a percentage of the principal amount) at which we will sell the debt securities; • | any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities; • | the date or dates on which the principal of the securities of the series is payable; • | the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) per annum or the method used to determine the rate or rates (including any commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index) at which the debt securities will bear interest, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the date or dates on which interest will commence and be payable and any regular record date for the interest payable on any interest payment date; 20 Table of Contents • | the place or places where principal of, and interest, if any, on the debt securities will be payable (and the method of such payment), where the securities of such series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, and where notices and demands to us in respect of the debt securities may be delivered; • | the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which we may redeem the debt securities; • | any obligation we have to redeem or purchase the debt securities pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of a holder of debt securities and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and in the terms and conditions upon which securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; • | the dates on which and the price or prices at which we will repurchase debt securities at the option of the holders of debt securities and other detailed terms and provisions of these repurchase obligations; • | the denominations in which the debt securities will be issued, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • | whether the debt securities will be issued in the form of certificated debt securities or global debt securities; • | the portion of principal amount of the debt securities payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity date, if other than the principal amount; • | the currency of denomination of the debt securities, which may be United States Dollars or any foreign currency, and if such currency of denomination is a composite currency, the agency or organization, if any, responsible for overseeing such composite currency; • | the designation of the currency, currencies or currency units in which payment of principal of, premium and interest on the debt securities will be made; • | if payments of principal of, premium or interest on the debt securities will be made in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which the debt securities are denominated, the manner in which the exchange rate with respect to these payments will be determined; • | the manner in which the amounts of payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities will be determined, if these amounts may be determined by reference to an index based on a currency or currencies or by reference to a commodity, commodity index, stock exchange index or financial index; • | any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities; • | any addition to, deletion of or change in the Events of Default described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities and any change in the acceleration provisions described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • | any addition to, deletion of or change in the covenants described in this prospectus or in the indenture with respect to the debt securities; • | any depositaries, interest rate calculation agents, exchange rate calculation agents or other agents with respect to the debt securities; • | the provisions, if any, relating to conversion or exchange of any debt securities of such series, including if applicable, the conversion or exchange price and period, provisions as to whether conversion or exchange will be mandatory, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion or exchange price and provisions affecting conversion or exchange; • | any other terms of the debt securities, which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of the indenture as it applies to that series, including any terms that may be required under applicable law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the securities; and 21 Table of Contents • | whether any of our direct or indirect subsidiaries will guarantee the debt securities of that series, including the terms of subordination, if any, of such guarantees. (Section 2.2) We may issue debt securities that provide for an
amount less than their stated principal amount to be due and payable upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity pursuant to the terms of the indenture. We will provide you with information on the federal income tax considerations and other
special considerations applicable to any of these debt securities in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we denominate the purchase
price of any of the debt securities in a foreign currency or currencies or a foreign currency unit or units, or if the principal of and any premium and interest on any series of debt securities is payable in a foreign currency or currencies or a
foreign currency unit or units, we will provide you with information on the restrictions, elections, general tax considerations, specific terms and other information with respect to that issue of debt securities and such foreign currency or
currencies or foreign currency unit or units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Transfer and Exchange Each debt security will be represented by either one or more global securities registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company, or the
Depositary, or a nominee of the Depositary (we will refer to any debt security represented by a global debt security as a “book-entry debt security”), or a certificate issued in definitive registered form (we will refer to any debt
security represented by a certificated security as a “certificated debt security”) as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Except as set forth under the heading “Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System” below,
book-entry debt securities will not be issuable in certificated form. Certificated Debt Securities. You may transfer or exchange
certificated debt securities at any office we maintain for this purpose in accordance with the terms of the indenture. (Section 2.4) No service charge will be made for any transfer or exchange of certificated debt securities, but we may require
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection with a transfer or exchange. (Section 2.7) You may effect the transfer of certificated debt securities and the right to receive the principal of, premium and interest on certificated
debt securities only by surrendering the certificate representing those certificated debt securities and either reissuance by us or the trustee of the certificate to the new holder or the issuance by us or the trustee of a new certificate to the new
holder. Global Debt Securities and Book-Entry System. Each global debt security representing book-entry debt securities will be deposited
with, or on behalf of, the Depositary, and registered in the name of the Depositary or a nominee of the Depositary. Please see “Global Securities.” Covenants We will set forth in the
applicable prospectus supplement any restrictive covenants applicable to any issue of debt securities. (Article IV) No Protection in the Event of a
Change of Control Unless we state otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not contain any
provisions which may afford holders of the debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a highly leveraged transaction (whether or not such transaction results in a change in control) which could adversely
affect holders of debt securities. 22 Table of Contents Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets We may not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets to any
person (a “successor person”) unless: • | we are the surviving entity or the successor person (if other than Ouster) is a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity organized and validly existing under the laws Delaware and expressly assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indenture; and • | immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no Default or Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing. Notwithstanding the above, any of our subsidiaries may consolidate with, merge into or transfer all or part
of its properties to us. (Section 5.1) Events of Default “Event of Default” means with respect to any series of debt securities, any of the following: • | default in the payment of any interest upon any debt security of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days (unless the entire amount of the payment is deposited by us with the trustee or with a paying agent prior to the expiration of the 30-day period); • | default in the payment of principal of any security of that series at its maturity; • | default in the performance or breach of any other covenant or warranty by us in the indenture (other than a covenant or warranty that has been included in the indenture solely for the benefit of a series of debt securities other than that series), which default continues uncured for a period of 60 days after we receive written notice from the trustee or Ouster and the trustee receive written notice from the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series as provided in the indenture; • | certain voluntary or involuntary events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of Ouster; and • | any other Event of Default provided with respect to debt securities of that series that is described in the applicable prospectus supplement. (Section 6.1) No Event of Default with respect to a particular series of debt
securities (except as to certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization) necessarily constitutes an Event of Default with respect to any other series of debt securities. (Section 6.1) The occurrence of certain Events of Default or an
acceleration under the indenture may constitute an event of default under certain indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries outstanding from time to time. We will provide the trustee written notice of any Default or Event of Default within 30 days of becoming aware of the occurrence of such
Default or Event of Default, which notice will describe in reasonable detail the status of such Default or Event of Default and what action we are taking or propose to take in respect thereof. (Section 6.1) If an Event of Default with respect to debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, then the trustee or the
holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may, by a notice in writing to us (and to the trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of (or, if the
debt securities of that series are discount securities, that portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all debt securities of that series. In the case of an Event of
Default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal (or such specified amount) of and accrued and unpaid 23 Table of Contents interest, if any, on all outstanding debt securities will become and be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or any holder of outstanding
debt securities. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the trustee, the holders of a majority in
principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may rescind and annul the acceleration if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal and interest, if any,
with respect to debt securities of that series, have been cured or waived as provided in the indenture. (Section 6.2) We refer you to the prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities that are discount securities for the particular
provisions relating to acceleration of a portion of the principal amount of such discount securities upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. The indenture provides that the trustee may refuse to perform any duty or exercise any of its rights or powers under the indenture unless the
trustee receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any cost, liability or expense which might be incurred by it in performing such duty or exercising such right or power. (Section 7.1(e)) Subject to certain rights of the trustee, the holders of a
majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on
the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series. (Section 6.12) No holder of any debt security of any series will have any
right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to the indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any remedy under the indenture, unless: • | that holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to debt securities of that series; and • | the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and offered indemnity or security satisfactory to the trustee, to the trustee to institute the proceeding as trustee, and the trustee has not received from the holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with that request and has failed to institute the proceeding within 60 days. (Section 6.7) Notwithstanding any other provision in the indenture, the holder of any debt security will have an absolute and unconditional right to receive
payment of the principal of, premium and any interest on that debt security on or after the due dates expressed in that debt security and to institute suit for the enforcement of payment. (Section 6.8) The indenture requires us, within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, to furnish to the trustee a statement as to compliance with the
indenture. (Section 4.3) If a Default or Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to the securities of any series and if it is known to a responsible officer of the trustee, the trustee shall mail to each Securityholder of the
securities of that series notice of a Default or Event of Default within 90 days after it occurs or, if later, after a responsible officer of the trustee has knowledge of such Default or Event of Default. The indenture provides that the trustee may
withhold notice to the holders of debt securities of any series of any Default or Event of Default (except in payment on any debt securities of that series) with respect to debt securities of that series if the trustee determines in good faith that
withholding notice is in the interest of the holders of those debt securities. (Section 7.5) Modification and Waiver We and the trustee may modify, amend or supplement the indenture or the debt securities of any series without the consent of any holder of any
debt security: • | to cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency; 24 Table of Contents • | to comply with covenants in the indenture described above under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets”; • | to provide for uncertificated securities in addition to or in place of certificated securities; • | to add guarantees with respect to debt securities of any series or secure debt securities of any series; • | to surrender any of our rights or powers under the indenture; • | to add covenants or events of default for the benefit of the holders of debt securities of any series; • | to comply with the applicable procedures of the applicable depositary; • | to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of debt securities; • | to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of debt securities of any series as permitted by the indenture; • | to effect the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to the debt securities of any series and to add to or change any of the provisions of the indenture to provide for or facilitate administration by more than one trustee; or • | to comply with requirements of the SEC in order to effect or maintain the qualification of the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. (Section 9.1) We may also modify and amend the indenture with the consent of the holders of at
least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the modifications or amendments. We may not make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holders of each affected debt security then
outstanding if that amendment will: • | reduce the amount of debt securities whose holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver; • | reduce the rate of or extend the time for payment of interest (including default interest) on any debt security; • | reduce the principal of or premium on or change the fixed maturity of any debt security or reduce the amount of, or postpone the date fixed for, the payment of any sinking fund or analogous obligation with respect to any series of debt securities; • | reduce the principal amount of discount securities payable upon acceleration of maturity; • | waive a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or interest on any debt security (except a rescission of acceleration of the debt securities of any series by the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding debt securities of that series and a waiver of the payment default that resulted from such acceleration); • | make the principal of or premium or interest on any debt security payable in currency other than that stated in the debt security; • | make any change to certain provisions of the indenture relating to, among other things, the right of holders of debt securities to receive payment of the principal of, premium and interest on those debt securities and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment and to waivers or amendments; or • | waive a redemption payment with respect to any debt security. (Section 9.3) Except for certain specified provisions, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any
series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive our compliance with provisions of the indenture. (Section 9.2) The holders of a majority in principal amount of 25 Table of Contents the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all the debt securities of such series waive any past default under the indenture with respect to that series and its
consequences, except a default in the payment of the principal of, premium or any interest on any debt security of that series; provided, however, that the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series
may rescind an acceleration and its consequences, including any related payment default that resulted from the acceleration. (Section 6.13) Defeasance
of Debt Securities and Certain Covenants in Certain Circumstances Legal Defeasance . The indenture provides that, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, we may be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of any series (subject to certain exceptions). We will be so discharged upon the
irrevocable deposit with the trustee, in trust, of money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused
to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide money or U.S. government obligations in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent
public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in
accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities. This discharge may occur only if, among other things, we have
delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel stating that we have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling or, since the date of execution of the indenture, there has been a change in the
applicable United States federal income tax law, in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit,
defeasance and discharge had not occurred. (Section 8.3) Defeasance of Certain Covenants . The indenture provides that, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of the applicable series of debt securities, upon compliance with certain conditions: • | we may omit to comply with the covenant described under the heading “Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets” and certain other covenants set forth in the indenture, as well as any additional covenants which may be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement; and • | any omission to comply with those covenants will not constitute a Default or an Event of Default with respect to the debt securities of that series (“covenant defeasance”). The conditions include: • | depositing with the trustee money and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities denominated in a single currency other than U.S. Dollars, government obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued such currency, that, through the payment of interest and principal in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount sufficient in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants or investment bank to pay and discharge each installment of principal of, premium and interest on and any mandatory sinking fund payments in respect of the debt securities of that series on the stated maturity of those payments in accordance with the terms of the indenture and those debt securities; and • | delivering to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that the holders of the debt securities of that series will not recognize income, gain or loss for United States federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and related covenant defeasance and will be subject to United States federal income tax on the same amounts and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit and related covenant defeasance had not occurred. (Section 8.4) 26 Table of Contents No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees or Securityholders None of our past, present or future directors, officers, employees or securityholders, as such, will have any liability for any of our
obligations under the debt securities or the indenture or for any claim based on, or in respect or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. By accepting a debt security, each holder waives and releases all such liability. This waiver and
release is part of the consideration for the issue of the debt securities. However, this waiver and release may not be effective to waive liabilities under U.S. federal securities laws, and it is the view of the SEC that such a waiver is against
public policy. Governing Law The
indenture and the debt securities, including any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to the indenture or the securities, will be governed by the laws of the State of New York. The indenture will provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities)
irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to the indenture, the debt securities or the transactions contemplated thereby. The indenture will provide that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or based upon the indenture or the transactions
contemplated thereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United States of America located in the City of New York or the courts of the State of New York in each case located in the City of New York, and we, the trustee and the holder of
the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or proceeding. The indenture will further provide
that service of any process, summons, notice or document by mail (to the extent allowed under any applicable statute or rule of court) to such party’s address set forth in the indenture will be effective service of process for any suit, action
or other proceeding brought in any such court. The indenture will further provide that we, the trustee and the holders of the debt securities (by their acceptance of the debt securities) irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the
laying of venue of any suit, action or other proceeding in the courts specified above and irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim any such suit, action or other proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
(Section 10.10) 27 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITARY SHARES We may, at our option, elect to offer depositary shares rather than full shares of preferred stock. Each depositary share will represent
ownership of and entitlement to all rights and preferences of a fraction of a share of preferred stock of a specified series (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). The applicable fraction will be specified in a prospectus
supplement. The shares of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares will be deposited with a depositary named in the applicable prospectus supplement, under a deposit agreement among us, the depositary and the holders of the certificates
evidencing depositary shares, or depositary receipts. Depositary receipts will be delivered to those persons purchasing depositary shares in the offering. The depositary will be the transfer agent, registrar and dividend disbursing agent for the
depositary shares. Holders of depositary receipts agree to be bound by the deposit agreement, which requires holders to take certain actions such as filing proof of residence and paying certain charges. The terms of any depositary shares offered
under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as the complete deposit agreement that contains the terms of the
depositary shares. The summary of the terms of the depositary shares contained in this prospectus does not purport to be complete and is
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the deposit agreement and our certificate of incorporation and the certificate of designation that are, or will be, filed with the SEC for the applicable series of preferred stock. Dividends The depositary will distribute
all cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the series of preferred stock represented by the depositary shares to the record holders of depositary receipts in proportion to the number of depositary shares owned by such
holders on the relevant record date, which will be the same date as the record date fixed by us for the applicable series of preferred stock. The depositary, however, will distribute only such amount as can be distributed without attributing to any
depositary share a fraction of one cent, and any balance not so distributed will be added to and treated as part of the next sum received by the depositary for distribution to record holders of depositary receipts then outstanding. In the event of a distribution other than in cash, the depositary will distribute property received by it to the record holders of depositary
receipts entitled thereto, in proportion, as nearly as may be practicable, to the number of depositary shares owned by such holders on the relevant record date, unless the depositary determines (after consultation with us) that it is not feasible to
make such distribution, in which case the depositary may (with our approval) adopt any other method for such distribution as it deems equitable and appropriate, including the sale of such property (at such place or places and upon such terms as it
may deem equitable and appropriate) and distribution of the net proceeds from such sale to such holders. Liquidation Preference In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of Ouster, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of each
depositary share will be entitled to the fraction of the liquidation preference accorded each share of the applicable series of preferred stock as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Redemption If the series of preferred
stock represented by the applicable series of depositary shares is redeemable, such depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption, in whole or in part, of the preferred stock held by
the depositary. Whenever we redeem any preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem as of the same redemption date the number of depositary shares 28 Table of Contents representing the shares of preferred stock so redeemed. The depositary will mail the notice of redemption promptly upon receipt of such notice from us and not less than 30 nor more than 60 days
prior to the date fixed for redemption of the preferred stock and the depositary shares to the record holders of the depositary receipts. Voting Promptly upon receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of the series of preferred stock represented by the applicable
series of depositary shares are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail the information contained in such notice of meeting to the record holders of the depositary receipts as of the record date for such meeting. Each such record holder of
depositary receipts will be entitled to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights pertaining to the number of shares of preferred stock represented by such record holder’s depositary shares. The depositary will endeavor,
insofar as practicable, to vote such preferred stock represented by such depositary shares in accordance with such instructions, and we will agree to take all action which may be deemed necessary by the depositary in order to enable the depositary
to do so. The depositary will abstain from voting any of the preferred stock to the extent that it does not receive specific instructions from the holders of depositary receipts. Withdrawal of Preferred Stock Upon
surrender of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary and payment of any unpaid amount due the depositary, and subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, the owner of the depositary shares evidenced thereby is entitled to
delivery of the number of whole shares of preferred stock and all money and other property, if any, represented by such depositary shares. Partial shares of preferred stock will not be issued. If the depositary receipts delivered by the holder
evidence a number of depositary shares in excess of the number of depositary shares representing the number of whole shares of preferred stock to be withdrawn, the depositary will deliver to such holder at the same time a new depositary receipt
evidencing such excess number of depositary shares. Holders of preferred stock thus withdrawn will not thereafter be entitled to deposit such shares under the deposit agreement or to receive depositary receipts evidencing depositary shares therefor. Amendment and Termination of Deposit Agreement The form of depositary receipt evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreement may at any time and from time to
time be amended by agreement between us and the depositary. However, any amendment which materially and adversely alters the rights of the holders (other than any change in fees) of depositary shares will not be effective unless such amendment has
been approved by at least a majority of the depositary shares then outstanding. No such amendment may impair the right, subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, of any owner of any depositary shares to surrender the depositary receipt
evidencing such depositary shares with instructions to the depositary to deliver to the holder of the preferred stock and all money and other property, if any, represented thereby, except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable
law. The deposit agreement will be permitted to be terminated by us upon not less than 30 days prior written notice to the applicable
depositary if a majority of each series of preferred stock affected by such termination consents to such termination, whereupon such depositary will be required to deliver or make available to each holder of depositary receipts, upon surrender of
the depositary receipts held by such holder, such number of whole or fractional shares of preferred stock as are represented by the depositary shares evidenced by such depositary receipts together with any other property held by such depositary with
respect to such depositary receipts. In addition, the deposit agreement will automatically terminate if (a) all outstanding depositary shares thereunder shall have been redeemed, (b) there shall have been a final distribution in respect of
the related preferred stock in connection with any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Ouster and such distribution shall have been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts evidencing the
depositary shares representing such preferred stock or (c) each share of the related preferred stock shall have been converted into stock of Ouster not so represented by depositary shares. 29 Table of Contents Charges of Depositary We will pay all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. We will pay
charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the preferred stock and initial issuance of the depositary shares, and redemption of the preferred stock and all withdrawals of preferred stock by owners of depositary shares.
Holders of depositary receipts will pay transfer, income and other taxes and governmental charges and certain other charges as are provided in the deposit agreement to be for their accounts. In certain circumstances, the depositary may refuse to
transfer depositary shares, may withhold dividends and distributions and sell the depositary shares evidenced by such depositary receipt if such charges are not paid. The applicable prospectus supplement will include information with respect to fees
and charges, if any, in connection with the deposit or substitution of the underlying securities, the receipt and distribution of dividends, the sale or exercise of rights, the withdrawal of the underlying security, and the transferring, splitting
or grouping of receipts. The applicable prospectus supplement will also include information with respect to the right to collect the fees and charges, if any, against dividends received and deposited securities. Miscellaneous The depositary will
forward to the holders of depositary receipts all notices, reports and proxy soliciting material from us which are delivered to the depositary and which we are required to furnish to the holders of the preferred stock. In addition, the depositary
will make available for inspection by holders of depositary receipts at the principal office of the depositary, and at such other places as it may from time to time deem advisable, any notices, reports and proxy soliciting material received from us
which are received by the depositary as the holder of preferred stock. The applicable prospectus supplement will include information about the rights, if any, of holders of receipts to inspect the transfer books of the depositary and the list of
holders of receipts. Neither the depositary nor Ouster assumes any obligation or will be subject to any liability under the deposit
agreement to holders of depositary receipts other than for its negligence or willful misconduct. Neither the depositary nor Ouster will be liable if it is prevented or delayed by law or any circumstance beyond its control in performing its
obligations under the deposit agreement. The obligations of Ouster and the depositary under the deposit agreement will be limited to performance in good faith of their duties thereunder, and they will not be obligated to prosecute or defend any
legal proceeding in respect of any depositary shares or preferred stock unless satisfactory indemnity is furnished. Ouster and the depositary may rely on written advice of counsel or accountants, on information provided by holders of the depositary
receipts or other persons believed in good faith to be competent to give such information and on documents believed to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties. In the event the depositary shall receive conflicting claims, requests or instructions from any holders of depositary receipts, on the one
hand, and us, on the other hand, the depositary shall be entitled to act on such claims, requests or instructions received from us. Resignation and
Removal of Depositary The depositary may resign at any time by delivering to us notice of its election to do so, and we may at any
time remove the depositary, any such resignation or removal to take effect upon the appointment of a successor depositary and its acceptance of such appointment. Such successor depositary must be appointed within 60 days after delivery of the notice
for resignation or removal and must be a bank or trust company having its principal office in the United States and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $150,000,000. 30 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants for the purchase of shares of our common stock or preferred stock or of debt securities. We may issue warrants
independently or together with other securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from any offered securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and the investors
or a warrant agent. The following summary of material provisions of the warrants and warrant agreements are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the warrant agreement and warrant certificate applicable
to a particular series of warrants. The terms of any warrants offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well
as the complete warrant agreements and warrant certificates that contain the terms of the warrants. The particular terms of any issue of
warrants will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to the issue. Those terms may include: • | the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock purchasable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase such shares and the price at which such number of shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the designation, stated value and terms (including, without limitation, liquidation, dividend, conversion and voting rights) of the series of preferred stock purchasable upon exercise of warrants to purchase preferred stock; • | the principal amount of debt securities that may be purchased upon exercise of a debt warrant and the exercise price for the warrants, which may be payable in cash, securities or other property; • | the date, if any, on and after which the warrants and the related debt securities, preferred stock or common stock will be separately transferable; • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire; • | United States Federal income tax consequences applicable to the warrants; and • | any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the warrants. Holders of equity warrants will not be entitled: • | to vote, consent or receive dividends; • | receive notice as shareholders with respect to any meeting of shareholders for the election of our directors or any other matter; or • | exercise any rights as shareholders of Ouster. Each warrant will entitle its holder to purchase the principal amount of debt securities or the number of shares of preferred stock or common
stock at the exercise price set forth in, or calculable as set forth in, the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants at any time up to
the specified time on the expiration date that we set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. A holder of warrant certificates may exchange them for new warrant certificates of different denominations, present them for registration of
transfer and exercise them at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any 31 Table of Contents other office indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Until any warrants to purchase debt securities are exercised, the holder of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the
debt securities that can be purchased upon exercise, including any rights to receive payments of principal, premium or interest on the underlying debt securities or to enforce covenants in the applicable indenture. Until any warrants to purchase
common stock or preferred stock are exercised, the holders of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the underlying common stock or preferred stock, including any rights to receive dividends or payments upon any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up on the common stock or preferred stock, if any. 32 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE CONTRACTS We may issue purchase contracts for the purchase or sale of debt or equity securities issued by us. Each purchase contract will entitle the
holder thereof to purchase or sell, and obligate us to sell or purchase, on specified dates, such securities at a specified purchase price, which may be based on a formula, all as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Any purchase
contracts we issue will be physically settled by delivery of such securities. The applicable prospectus supplement will also specify the methods by which the holders may purchase or sell such securities and any acceleration, cancellation or
termination provisions or other provisions relating to the settlement of a purchase contract. 33 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus in one or more series. We may
evidence each series of units by unit certificates that we will issue under a separate agreement. We may enter into unit agreements with a unit agent. Each unit agent will be a bank or trust company that we select. We will indicate the name and
address of the unit agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of units. The terms of any units offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We urge you to read the applicable
prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, as well as the complete unit certificate that contains the terms of the units. The following description, together with the additional information included in any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes the general
features of the units that we may offer under this prospectus. You should read any prospectus supplement and any free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you related to the series of units being offered, as well as the
complete unit agreements that contain the terms of the units. Specific unit agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and we will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will
incorporate by reference from another report that we file with the SEC, the form of each unit agreement relating to units offered under this prospectus. If we offer any units, certain terms of that series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, without
limitation, the following, as applicable: • | the title of the series of units; • | identification and description of the separate constituent securities comprising the units; • | the price or prices at which the units will be issued; • | the date, if any, on and after which the constituent securities comprising the units will be separately transferable; • | a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the units; and • | any other terms of the units and their constituent securities. 34 Table of Contents GLOBAL SECURITIES Book-Entry, Delivery and Form Unless we
indicate differently in any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the securities initially will be issued in book-entry form and represented by one or more global notes or global securities, or, collectively, global
securities. The global securities will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, as depositary, or DTC, and registered in the name of Cede & Co., the nominee of DTC. Unless and until it is
exchanged for individual certificates evidencing securities under the limited circumstances described below, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary to its nominee or by the nominee to the depositary, or by the
depositary or its nominee to a successor depositary or to a nominee of the successor depositary. DTC has advised us that it is: • | a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law; • | a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law; • | a member of the Federal Reserve System; • | a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code; and • | a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that its participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among its participants
of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.
“Direct participants” in DTC include securities brokers and dealers, including underwriters, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust &
Clearing Corporation, or DTCC. DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated
subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others, which we sometimes refer to as indirect participants, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a direct participant, either directly or indirectly. The rules
applicable to DTC and its participants are on file with the SEC. Purchases of securities under the DTC system must be made by or through
direct participants, which will receive a credit for the securities on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of the actual purchaser of a security, which we sometimes refer to as a beneficial owner, is in turn recorded on the direct and
indirect participants’ records. Beneficial owners of securities will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchases. However, beneficial owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of their transactions,
as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the direct or indirect participants through which they purchased securities. Transfers of ownership interests in global securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of
participants acting on behalf of beneficial owners. Beneficial owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the global securities, except under the limited circumstances described below. To facilitate subsequent transfers, all global securities deposited by direct participants with DTC will be registered in the name of
DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other nominee
will not change the beneficial ownership of the securities. DTC has no knowledge of the actual beneficial owners of the securities. DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the direct participants to whose accounts the securities are
credited, which may or may not be the beneficial owners. The participants are responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 35 Table of Contents So long as the securities are in book-entry form, you will receive payments and may transfer
securities only through the facilities of the depositary and its direct and indirect participants. If applicable, we will maintain an office or agency in the location specified in the prospectus supplement for the applicable securities, where
notices and demands in respect of the securities and the indenture may be delivered to us and where certificated securities may be surrendered for payment, registration of transfer or exchange. Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to direct participants, by direct participants to indirect participants and by direct
participants and indirect participants to beneficial owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any legal requirements in effect from time to time. Redemption notices will be sent to DTC. If less than all of the securities of a particular series are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is
to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each direct participant in the securities of such series to be redeemed. Neither DTC
nor Cede & Co. (or such other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to the securities. Under its usual procedures, DTC will provide us with an omnibus proxy as soon as possible after the record date. The omnibus proxy assigns the
consenting or voting rights of Cede & Co. to those direct participants to whose accounts the securities of such series are credited on the record date, identified in a listing attached to the omnibus proxy. So long as securities are in book-entry form, we will make payments on those securities to the depositary or its nominee, as the registered
owner of such securities, by wire transfer of immediately available funds. If securities are issued in definitive certificated form under the limited circumstances described below and unless if otherwise provided in the description of the applicable
securities herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will have the option of making payments by check mailed to the addresses of the persons entitled to payment or by wire transfer to bank accounts in the United States designated in
writing to the applicable trustee or other designated party at least 15 days before the applicable payment date by the persons entitled to payment, unless a shorter period is satisfactory to the applicable trustee or other designated party. Redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend payments on the securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may
be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit direct participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from us on the payment date in accordance with their
respective holdings shown on DTC records. Payments by participants to beneficial owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the account of customers in bearer form or registered
in “street name.” Those payments will be the responsibility of participants and not of DTC or us, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions and dividend
payments to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC, is our responsibility, disbursement of payments to direct participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of payments to
the beneficial owners is the responsibility of direct and indirect participants. Except under the limited circumstances described below,
purchasers of securities will not be entitled to have securities registered in their names and will not receive physical delivery of securities. Accordingly, each beneficial owner must rely on the procedures of DTC and its participants to exercise
any rights under the securities and the indenture. The laws of some jurisdictions may require that some purchasers of securities take
physical delivery of securities in definitive form. Those laws may impair the ability to transfer or pledge beneficial interests in securities. DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depositary with respect to the securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to
us. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depositary is not obtained, securities certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 36 Table of Contents As noted above, beneficial owners of a particular series of securities generally will not
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in those securities. However, if: • | DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for the global security or securities representing such series of securities or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act at a time when it is required to be registered and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days of the notification to us or of our becoming aware of DTC’s ceasing to be so registered, as the case may be; • | we determine, in our sole discretion, not to have such securities represented by one or more global securities; or • | an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to such series of securities, we will prepare and deliver certificates for such securities in exchange for beneficial interests in the global
securities. Any beneficial interest in a global security that is exchangeable under the circumstances described in the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities in definitive certificated form registered in the names that the depositary
directs. It is expected that these directions will be based upon directions received by the depositary from its participants with respect to ownership of beneficial interests in the global securities. Euroclear and Clearstream If so
provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, you may hold interests in a global security through Clearstream Banking S.A., which we refer to as “Clearstream,” or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System, which we
refer to as “Euroclear,” either directly if you are a participant in Clearstream or Euroclear or indirectly through organizations which are participants in Clearstream or Euroclear. Clearstream and Euroclear will hold interests on behalf
of their respective participants through customers’ securities accounts in the names of Clearstream and Euroclear, respectively, on the books of their respective U.S. depositaries, which in turn will hold such interests in customers’
securities accounts in such depositaries’ names on DTC’s books. Clearstream and Euroclear are securities clearance systems in
Europe. Clearstream and Euroclear hold securities for their respective participating organizations and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between those participants through electronic book-entry changes in their
accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. Payments, deliveries, transfers, exchanges, notices and
other matters relating to beneficial interests in global securities owned through Euroclear or Clearstream must comply with the rules and procedures of those systems. Transactions between participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on one hand, and
other participants in DTC, on the other hand, are also subject to DTC’s rules and procedures. Investors will be able to make and
receive through Euroclear and Clearstream payments, deliveries, transfers and other transactions involving any beneficial interests in global securities held through those systems only on days when those systems are open for business. Those systems
may not be open for business on days when banks, brokers and other institutions are open for business in the United States. Cross-market
transfers between participants in DTC, on the one hand, and participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, on the other hand, will be effected through DTC in accordance with the DTC’s rules on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be,
by their respective U.S. depositaries; however, such cross-market transactions will require delivery of instructions to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, by the counterparty in such system in accordance with the rules and procedures and
within the established deadlines (European time) of such system. Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, will, if the transaction meets its settlement requirements, deliver instructions to its U.S. depositary to take action to effect final
settlement on its behalf by delivering or receiving interests in the global securities through DTC, and making or receiving payment in accordance with normal procedures for same-day fund settlement.
Participants in Euroclear or Clearstream may not deliver instructions directly to their respective U.S. depositaries. 37 Table of Contents Due to time zone differences, the securities accounts of a participant in Euroclear or
Clearstream purchasing an interest in a global security from a direct participant in DTC will be credited, and any such crediting will be reported to the relevant participant in Euroclear or Clearstream, during the securities settlement processing
day (which must be a business day for Euroclear or Clearstream) immediately following the settlement date of DTC. Cash received in Euroclear or Clearstream as a result of sales of interests in a global security by or through a participant in
Euroclear or Clearstream to a direct participant in DTC will be received with value on the settlement date of DTC but will be available in the relevant Euroclear or Clearstream cash account only as of the business day for Euroclear or Clearstream
following DTC’s settlement date. Other The information in this section of this prospectus concerning DTC, Clearstream, Euroclear and their respective book-entry systems has been
obtained from sources that we believe to be reliable, but we do not take responsibility for this information. This information has been provided solely as a matter of convenience. The rules and procedures of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear are solely
within the control of those organizations and could change at any time. Neither we nor the trustee nor any agent of ours or of the trustee has any control over those entities and none of us takes any responsibility for their activities. You are
urged to contact DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear or their respective participants directly to discuss those matters. In addition, although we expect that DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear will perform the foregoing procedures, none of them is under any
obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. Neither we nor any agent of ours will have any responsibility for the performance or nonperformance by DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear
or their respective participants of these or any other rules or procedures governing their respective operations. 38 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, negotiated transactions or block trades or through
underwriters or dealers, through agents and/or directly to one or more purchasers, or a combination of these methods. The securities may be distributed from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or Each time that we sell securities covered by this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement or supplements that will describe the
method of distribution and set forth the terms and conditions of the offering of such securities, including the offering price of the securities and the proceeds to us, to the extent appropriate. Offers to purchase the securities being offered by this prospectus may be solicited directly. Agents may also be designated to solicit offers
to purchase the securities from time to time. Any agent involved in the offer or sale of our securities will be identified in a prospectus supplement, to the extent appropriate. If a dealer is utilized in the sale of the securities being offered by this prospectus, the securities will be sold to the dealer, as
principal. The dealer may then resell the securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by the dealer at the time of resale. If an underwriter is utilized in the sale of the securities being offered by this prospectus, an underwriting agreement will be executed with
the underwriter at the time of sale and the name of any underwriter will be provided in the prospectus supplement that the underwriter will use to make resales of the securities to the public. In connection with the sale of the securities, we or the
purchasers of securities for whom the underwriter may act as agent, may compensate the underwriter in the form of underwriting discounts or commissions. The underwriter may sell the securities to or through dealers, and those dealers may receive
compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions from the purchasers for which they may act as agent. Unless otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, an agent will be acting on a best
efforts basis and a dealer will purchase securities as a principal, and may then resell the securities at varying prices to be determined by the dealer. Any compensation paid to underwriters, dealers or agents in connection with the offering of the securities, and any discounts, concessions or
commissions allowed by underwriters to participating dealers will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, to the extent appropriate. Underwriters, dealers and agents participating in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to
be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any discounts and commissions received by them and any profit realized by them on resale of the securities may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions.
We may enter into agreements to indemnify underwriters, dealers and agents against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments they may be required to make in respect thereof and to reimburse those
persons for certain expenses. Any common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, but any other securities may or may not
be listed on a national securities exchange. To facilitate the offering of securities, certain persons participating in the offering may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities. This may
include over-allotments or short sales of the securities, which involve the sale by persons participating in the offering of more securities than were sold to them. In these circumstances, these persons would cover such over-allotments or short
positions by making purchases in the open market or by exercising their over-allotment option, if any. In addition, these persons may stabilize or maintain the price of the securities 39 Table of Contents by bidding for or purchasing securities in the open market or by imposing penalty bids, whereby selling concessions allowed to dealers participating in the offering may be reclaimed if securities
sold by them are repurchased in connection with stabilization transactions. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market.
These transactions may be discontinued at any time. We may engage in at the market offerings into an existing trading market in
accordance with Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. In addition, we may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the
applicable prospectus supplement so indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third
party may use securities pledged by us or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open
borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus, will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, we may otherwise
loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its
economic short position to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. The material
terms of any lock-up provisions in respect of any given offering will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The underwriters, dealers and agents may engage in transactions with us, or perform services for us, in the ordinary course of business for
which they receive compensation. 40 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP will pass upon certain legal matters relating to the issuance and sale of the securities offered hereby on
behalf of Ouster, Inc. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of
said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 41 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is an estimate of the expenses (all of which are to be paid by the registrant) that we may incur in connection with the
securities being registered hereby. SEC registration fee | $ | 21,043.46(1)
Printing expenses | (2)
Legal fees and expenses | (2)
Accounting fees and expenses | (2)
Blue Sky, qualification fees and expenses | (2)
Transfer agent fees and expenses | (2)
Trustee fees and expenses | (2)
Depositary fees and expenses | (2)
Warrant agent fees and expenses | (2)
Miscellaneous | (2)
Total | $ | (2) (1) | In accordance with Rule 415(a)(6), includes certain fees previously paid in respect of unsold securities previously registered under the registrant’s registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264600), as further described in the Filing Fee Table included as Exhibit 107 hereto. (2) | These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) empowers a corporation
to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action,
suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the
capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the
person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the
corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case,
such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. II-1 Table of Contents Section 145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation
has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the
indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall
inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the
corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and
incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for
any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Any underwriting agreement or
sales agreement that the registrant enters into with any underwriters or agents involved in the offering or sale of any securities registered hereby may require such underwriters or dealers to indemnify the registrant, some or all of its directors
and officers and its controlling persons, if any, for specified liabilities, which may include liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our
Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our
board of directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee’s
involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all direct and indirect costs,
fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including all other disbursements, obligations or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or
preparing to be witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding. The indemnification agreements also require us to advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses that such
director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce
our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. II-2 Table of Contents Item 16. | Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
1.1* | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-251611) filed on March 10, 2021).
3.1(a) | Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2023).
3.2 | Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2024).
4.1* | Form of Specimen Certificate Representing Preferred Stock.
4.2 | Form of Indenture.
4.3* | Form of Debt Security.
4.4* | Form of Deposit Agreement.
4.5* | Form of Warrant.
4.6* | Form of Warrant Agreement.
4.7* | Form of Purchase Contract Agreement.
4.8* | Form of Unit Agreement.
5.1 | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
23.2 | Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.
24.1 | Powers of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page hereto).
25.1 | Statement of Eligibility on Form T-1 under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 above.
107 | Filing Fee Table * | To be filed by amendment or incorporated by reference in connection with the offering of the securities. Item 17. | Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and II-3 Table of Contents (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that
paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and (a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant
pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is a part of the registration
statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) | Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) | Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (6) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in
a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by
means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and II-4 Table of Contents (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities
Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant
to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (h) Insofar as indemnification for
liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by
the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with
the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-5 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Francisco, State of
California, on May 2, 2025. OUSTER, INC.
By: | /s/ Chen Geng
Chen Geng
Interim Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Angus Pacala, Chen Geng and
Megan Chung, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Registration Statement, and any and all amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments), and to file the same, with exhibits
and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. SIGNATURE | TITLE | DATE
/s/ Angus Pacala Angus Pacala | Director, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) | May 2, 2025
/s/ Chen Geng Chen Geng | Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | May 2, 2025
/s/ Theodore Tewksbury Theodore L. Tewksbury, Ph.D. | Chair of the Board of Directors | May 2, 2025
/s/ Susan Heystee Susan Heystee | Vice Chair of the Board of Directors | May 2, 2025
/s/ Virginia Boulet Virginia Boulet | Director | May 2, 2025
/s/ Christina C. Correia Christina C. Correia | Director | May 2, 2025
/s/ Ernest Maddock Ernest Maddock | Director | May 2, 2025
/s/ Stephen Skaggs Stephen A. Skaggs | Director | May 2, 2025 II-6