S-3 1 d502854ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2023 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Ouster, Inc. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 86-2528989
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 350 Treat Avenue San Francisco, California 94110 (415) 949-0108 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Megan Chung General
Counsel Ouster, Inc. 350 Treat Avenue San
Francisco, California 94110 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Drew
Capurro Latham & Watkins LLP 650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor Costa Mesa, CA 92626 (714) 540-1235 APPROXIMATE DATE OF
COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being
registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any
of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans,
check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the
Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration
statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or
additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐ Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends
this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents STATEMENT PURSUANT TO RULE 429 The registrant is filing a single prospectus in this registration statement pursuant to Rule 429 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”). The prospectus is a combined prospectus relating to (i) the issuance by the registrant of up to 367,531 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “common stock”), issuable upon the exercise
of the Velodyne Public Warrants (as defined herein) previously registered on Form S-4 (File No. 333-268556), originally filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on November 23, 2022 and subsequently declared effective (the “Prior Registration Statement”) and (ii) the resale by Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (the “Selling Stockholder”) of up to 3,263,898 shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of an outstanding warrant held by the Selling Stockholder. Pursuant to Rule 429 under the Securities Act, this registration statement on Form S-3 upon effectiveness will
serve as a post-effective amendment to the Prior Registration Statement. Such post-effective amendment shall hereafter become effective concurrently with the effectiveness of this registration statement and in accordance with Section 8(c) of,
and Rule 429 under, the Securities Act. Table of Contents The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. No
securities may be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in
any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED MAY 11, 2023 PROSPECTUS FOR 3,631,429 SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OF OUSTER, INC. On
February 10, 2023, we consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 4, 2022 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among us, Velodyne Lidar, Inc. (“Velodyne”) and
the other parties thereto. As contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Oban Merger Sub, Inc., our direct, wholly owned subsidiary (“Merger Sub I”), merged with and into Velodyne (the “First Merger”), with Velodyne surviving the
First Merger as our direct, wholly owned subsidiary (the “Surviving Corporation”). Immediately following the First Merger, the Surviving Corporation merged with and into Oban Merger Sub II LLC, our direct, wholly owned subsidiary
(“Merger Sub II”), with Merger Sub II surviving as our direct, wholly owned subsidiary (the “Second Merger”, and together with the First Merger, the “Mergers”). At the effective time of the First Merger (the “Effective Time”), each issued and outstanding share of Velodyne common stock was
automatically converted into 0.8204 shares (the “Exchange Ratio”) of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “common stock”), and each of the public warrants and private warrants of Velodyne was converted into a
warrant to acquire our common stock, adjusted to reflect the Exchange Ratio (the “Velodyne Warrants”), including (x) outstanding publicly traded warrants (the “Velodyne Public Warrants”) and (y) an outstanding warrant
(the “Selling Stockholder Warrant”) owned by Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (the “Selling Stockholder”). This
prospectus relates to (i) the issuance by us of 367,531 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Velodyne Public Warrants and (ii) the resale by the Selling Stockholder of up to 3,263,898 shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Selling Stockholder Warrant. This registration statement is being filed due to registration rights set forth in
(i) the Transaction Agreement dated February 4, 2022 (the “Selling Stockholder Agreement”) among Velodyne and the Selling Stockholder with respect to the Selling Stockholder Warrant and (ii) the Warrant Agreement dated
October 15, 2018 (the “Velodyne Warrant Agreement”) between Velodyne and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, each of which we assumed following the closing of the Merger. We will receive the proceeds from any exercise of the warrants for cash, but not from the resale of the shares of common stock issued upon
such exercises. We will bear all costs, expenses and fees in connection with the registration of the shares of common stock described above. The Selling Stockholder will bear all commissions and discounts, if any, attributable to its sales of the
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Selling Stockholder Warrant. Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange
(the “NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “OUST”. On May 10, 2023, the closing sale price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE was $4.17 per share. Investing in shares of our common stock involves risks that are described in the “ Risk Factors ”
section beginning on page 5 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission
has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued under this prospectus or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 2
THE COMPANY | 4
RISK FACTORS | 5
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 7
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 8
SELLING STOCKHOLDER | 12
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 13
LEGAL MATTERS | 16
EXPERTS | 16 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using
a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, we or the Selling Stockholder named in this prospectus may sell securities from time to time and in one or more offerings as described in this prospectus. To the
extent necessary or permitted by law, we and the Selling Stockholder may also authorize one or more prospectus supplements or free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information relating to these offerings. Such
prospectus supplements or free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and any subsequent
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable. Before purchasing any securities, you should carefully read both this prospectus and any applicable prospectus
supplement (and any applicable free writing prospectuses), together with the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference.” Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder have authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than
those contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf of us or the Selling Stockholder or to which we have referred you. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder take any
responsibility for, nor provide any assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. Neither we nor the Selling Stockholder will make an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is
not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any applicable
free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the document incorporated by reference or, in each case, any earlier date
specified for such information, unless we indicate otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any prospectus supplement or free
writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we believe these sources are
reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or incorporated by reference in this
prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under the heading
“Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. When we refer to “we,” “our,”
“us” and the “Company” in this prospectus, we mean Ouster, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise specified. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of the applicable series of
securities. 1 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available
Information We file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports,
proxy and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . You may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our web site address is www.ouster.com. The information on
our web site, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus. This
prospectus and any prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as
provided above. Certain documents establishing the terms of any offered securities are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus or
any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant
matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. Incorporation by Reference The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will
automatically update and supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained in this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been
filed with the SEC: • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 24, 2023; • | the information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A , filed with the SEC on May 1, 2023; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 27, 2023 , February 13, 2023 (Items 1.01, 2.01 and 9.01 only), February 13, 2023 , February 16, 2023 , March 22, 2023 , April 7, 2023 , April 17, 2023 (Item 3.01 only) and April 20, 2023 ; • | our Amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on April 27, 2023; and • | the description of our common stock contained in a registration statement on Form 8-A , filed with the Commission on August 19, 2020, as updated in the exhibit titled “Description of Our Securities” filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the Commission on March 24, 2023, as well as any additional amendments or reports filed for the purpose of updating such description. All reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the “Exchange Act” in this prospectus, prior 2 Table of Contents to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration
statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and documents. You may request a free copy of any of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus by writing or telephoning us at the
following address: Ouster, Inc. 350 Treat Avenue San Francisco,
California 94110 (415) 949-0108 Exhibits to the filings will not be sent, however, unless those exhibits have specifically been incorporated by reference in this prospectus
or any accompanying prospectus supplement. 3 Table of Contents THE COMPANY Overview We are a leading global
provider of lidar sensors for the automotive, industrial, robotics, and smart infrastructure industries. Our products include high-resolution scanning and solid-state digital lidar sensors, Velodyne Lidar sensors, and software solutions. We believe
that our design and manufacture digital lidar sensors are one of the highest performing, lowest-cost solutions available. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the name “Colonnade Acquisition Corp.” on June 4, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company
for purposes of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On March 10, 2021, we domesticated into a Delaware corporation and changed our
name to “Ouster, Inc.” in connection with the domestication. Our principal executive office is located at 350 Treat Avenue, San
Francisco, CA 94110. Our telephone number is (415) 949-0108. Our website address is www.ouster.com. Information contained on our website is not a part of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website
address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 4 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risk factors incorporated by reference to our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K, and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all other information
contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as updated by our subsequent filings under the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained in any applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing
prospectus before acquiring any of such securities. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
affect our business operations. The occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. The discussion of risks includes or refers to forward-looking statements. You should read the
explanation of the qualifications and limitations on such forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus and in any applicable prospectus supplement. 5 Table of Contents SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Reverse Stock Split On
April 20, 2023, we effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our common stock. In connection with the reverse stock split, the total number of authorized shares of
our common stock was reduced from 1,000,000,000 to 100,000,000. The par value per share of common stock remained unchanged at $0.0001 per share. Our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus are presented without giving effect to the reverse stock split. Except where the context otherwise requires,
share numbers in this prospectus reflect the 1-for-10 reverse stock split of our common stock. The following selected financial data has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 24, 2023, as adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. Our historical results are not indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. In addition, the below historical financial information presented below does not present the pro forma impact of the Mergers. For information
relating to Velodyne and the pro forma impact of the Mergers, please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 and our Amended Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 27, 2023, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. AS
REPORTED (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): Years Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
Total comprehensive loss | $ | (138,703 | ) | $ | (93,987 | )
Net loss per common share, basic and diluted | $ | (0.78 | ) | $ | (0.70 | )
Weighted-average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share | 177,923,156 | 133,917,571
Common shares outstanding at year end | 186,587,986 | 172,200,417 AS ADJUSTED FOR 1-FOR-10 REVERSE STOCK
SPLIT (unaudited, dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): Years Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
(Unaudited)
Total comprehensive loss | $ | (138,703 | ) | $ | (93,987 | )
Net loss per common share, basic and diluted | $ | (7.80 | ) | $ | (7.02 | )
Weighted-average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share | 17,792,316 | 13,391,757
Common shares outstanding at year end | 18,658,799 | 17,220,042 6 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS All of the shares of common stock offered by the Selling Stockholder will be sold by it for its account. We will not receive any of the
proceeds from these sales. The Selling Stockholder will pay any underwriting fees, discounts, selling commissions, stock transfer taxes
and certain legal expenses incurred by the Selling Stockholder in disposing of its shares of common stock, and we will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of such securities covered by this prospectus,
including, without limitation, all registration and filing fees, NYSE listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accountants. In addition, we will reimburse the Selling Stockholder for some or all of its
legal costs in the event of an underwritten offering through the use of a prospectus supplement. We will receive any proceeds from the
exercise of the warrants for cash, which we intend to use for general corporate and working capital purposes. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise. 7 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following description of the terms of our common stock is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the “Certificate of Incorporation”) and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”), both of which are attached as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part. Authorized Capitalization General The total amount
of our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Preferred Stock Our
board of directors (the “Board”) has authority to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof,
including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). The issuance of preferred
stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our common stock, restricting dividends on our capital stock, diluting the voting power of our common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of our capital stock, or delaying or
preventing a change in control of our company. Common Stock Our common stock does not entitle its holders to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of our securities. Our common
stock is neither convertible nor redeemable. Unless our Board determines otherwise, we will issue all of our capital stock in uncertificated form. Voting Rights Each
holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation. The Bylaws provide that the holders of a majority of the capital stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person, or by remote communication, if applicable, or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present,
the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, and except for the election of directors, which is determined by a plurality vote.
There are no cumulative voting rights. Dividend Rights Each holder of shares of our capital stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by Board from
time to time out of our assets or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of our preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on our ability to
declare and pay dividends. Other Rights The rights of each holder of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of our
preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 8 Table of Contents Liquidation Rights If we are involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, or a similar event, each holder of our
common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of our preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. Anti-takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of
our company. We expect that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of our company to
first negotiate with the Board, which we believe may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of our stockholders. However, they also give the Board the power to discourage mergers that some stockholders may favor. Special Meetings of Stockholders The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by (a) the Chairperson of the Board,
(b) the Board, (c) our Chief Executive Officer or (d) our President, provided that such special meeting may be postponed, rescheduled or cancelled by the Board or other person calling the special meeting. Action by Written Consent The Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at an annual
or special meeting of the stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Classified Board of Directors Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our Board is divided into three classes, with the classes as nearly equal in number
as possible and each class serving three-year staggered terms. The Board or any individual director may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power
of all of the then outstanding shares of our voting stock entitled to vote at an election of directors. Election of Directors and
Vacancies Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock to elect additional directors under specified
circumstances, the number of directors of our Board is fixed exclusively by the Board. Our Board is divided into three classes, designated Class I, II and III, with each class to be elected by our stockholders every three years. Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Our Board is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws, subject to the power of our stockholders entitled to vote with respect
thereto to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. Our stockholders have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws; provided, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of our stock required by applicable law or by our
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, the adoption, amendment or repeal of our Bylaws by our stockholders shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of all
of the then outstanding shares of our voting stock entitled to vote generally in an election of directors. 9 Table of Contents Additionally, the vote of at least 66 2/3% of the total voting power of our outstanding
shares entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, is required to amend certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, including those relating to the terms of our authorized preferred stock (Article V(B)), the authority
and composition of our Board (Article VII), special meetings of our stockholders and the ability of our stockholders to act by written consent (Article VIII), limitation of liability of our directors (Article IX), restrictions similar to
Section 203 of the DGCL (Article X), our obligation to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law (Article XI), exclusive jurisdiction of certain legal proceedings involving our stockholders (Article XII). Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes
an “interested stockholder” and may not engage in certain “business combinations” with such corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15% or more of such corporation’s voting stock, unless:
(a) the board of directors of such corporation approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, (b) the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the
outstanding voting stock of such corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans), or (c) the merger transaction is approved by the board
of directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A
Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. Under the Certificate of Incorporation, we have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, but the Certificate of
Incorporation provides other similar restrictions regarding takeovers by interested stockholders. Limitations on Liability and
Indemnification of Officers and Directors The Certificate of Incorporation provides that we are to indemnify our directors to the
fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law. We have entered and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by the Board. Under the Bylaws, we are
required to indemnify each of our directors and officers if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee
or agent for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the indemnitee in connection with
such action, suit or proceeding if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to our best interests, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause
to believe the indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful. The Bylaws also require us to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit
or proceeding, provided that such person will repay any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available
funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other
state courts of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed
by any of our directors, officers or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation (as each may be amended from time
to time), (iv) any action, suit or proceeding as to which the DGCL confers 10 Table of Contents jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, or (v) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer or stockholder
governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in the State of Delaware in
connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the exclusive jurisdiction provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and (b) service of process on such stockholder’s counsel. Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and
state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such Securities Act claims. To
prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, the Certificate of Incorporation also provides that, unless we consent in writing to the
selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the
Securities Act; however, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any cause of action arising by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Although we believe these provisions would
benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of applicable law in the types of lawsuits to which they apply, these provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Transfer Agent The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 11 Table of Contents SELLING STOCKHOLDER Subject to the terms of the Selling Stockholder Warrant, the Selling Stockholder may from time to time offer and sell any or all of the shares
of our common stock set forth below pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. The Selling Stockholder will pay any underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses incurred by the Selling Stockholder for brokerage,
accounting, tax or legal services or any other expenses incurred by the Selling Stockholder in disposing of the securities, provided that we will reimburse the Selling Stockholder for some or all of its legal costs in the event of an underwritten
offering through the use of a prospectus supplement. We will bear the costs, fees and expenses incurred in effecting the registration of the securities covered by this prospectus, including all registration and filing fees, listing fees and fees and
expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accounting firm. The following table sets forth, as of April 21, 2023,
the name of the Selling Stockholder, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder, the number of shares of our common stock that may be sold by the Selling Stockholder under this prospectus and the
number of shares of our common stock that the Selling Stockholder will beneficially own after this offering. For purposes of the table below, we have assumed that after this offering, none of the shares of common stock covered by this prospectus
will be beneficially owned by the Selling Stockholder. In addition, we assume that the Selling Stockholder has not sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, our securities in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities
Act. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of
beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the entity named in the table has sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all securities that it beneficially owns. The Selling Stockholder may sell or otherwise transfer all, some or none of such shares in this offering. See “Plan of
Distribution.” Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Before Sale of All Shares of Common Stock Offered Hereby | Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Sold in the Offering | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned After Sale of All Shares of Common Stock Offered Hereby
Number | %(1) | Number | Number | %
Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (2) | 1,848,694 | 56.6 | % | 3,263,898 | — | — (1) | The percentage of beneficial ownership before this offering is calculated based on 38,723,404 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 21, 2023. (2) | Shares beneficially owned consists of 1,848,694 shares of common stock underlying the Selling Stockholder Warrant that are exercisable within 60 days of April 21, 2023. This prospectus registers all such shares, in addition to 1,415,204 shares of common stock underlying the Selling Stockholder Warrant that become exercisable only upon certain vesting events. Irrespective of vesting achievement, the Selling Stockholder Warrant also limits the Selling Stockholder’s beneficial ownership to 4.999% of our outstanding shares of common stock unless Selling Stockholder waives this limit upon 61 days’ notice. An affiliate of the Selling Stockholder has engaged and may continue to engage in commercial relationships with us. 12 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, the securities beneficially owned by the Selling
Stockholder covered by this prospectus may be offered and sold from time to time by the Selling Stockholder, subject to any applicable restrictions. The term “Selling Stockholder” includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors
in interest selling securities received after the date of this prospectus from a Selling Stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership or limited liability company distribution or other transfer. The Selling Stockholder will act independently of us in
making decisions with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale. Such sales may be made on one or more exchanges or in the over-the-counter market or
otherwise, at prices and under terms then prevailing or at prices related to the then current market price or in negotiated transactions. The Selling Stockholder reserves the right to accept and, together with its respective agents, to reject, any
proposed purchase of securities to be made directly or through agents. The Selling Stockholder and any of its permitted transferees may sell their securities offered by this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the
securities are traded or in private transactions. Any prospectus supplements relating to an offering of securities covered by this
prospectus will set forth the terms of any such offering, including: • | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents; • | the purchase price of the offered securities and the proceeds to us from the sale; • | any underwriting discounts and commissions or agency fees and other items constituting underwriters’ or agents’ compensation; • | any initial public offering price, any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and • | any securities exchanges on which such offered securities may be listed. Offered securities may be sold directly by the Selling Stockholder to one or more institutional purchasers, or through agents designated by
the Selling Stockholder from time to time, at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed, or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. Any agent involved in the offer or sale of the offered securities in respect of which this prospectus
is delivered will be named, and any commissions payable by the Selling Stockholder to such agent will be set forth, in the prospectus supplement relating to that offering. Unless otherwise indicated in such prospectus supplement, any such agent will
be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment. Underwriters, dealers and agents may be customers of, engage in
transactions with, or perform services for us and our affiliates or the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business for which they receive compensation. In addition, the Selling Stockholder may elect to make an in-kind distribution of securities to its
members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part by delivering a prospectus with a plan of distribution. Such members, partners or stockholders would thereby receive freely tradeable
securities pursuant to the distribution through a registration statement. To the extent a distributee is an affiliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we may file a prospectus supplement in order to permit the distributees to
use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution. The Selling Stockholder also may transfer the securities in
other circumstances, in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors-in-interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. Upon
being notified by the Selling Stockholder that a donee, pledgee, transferee, other successor-in-interest intends to sell our securities, we will, to the extent required,
promptly file a supplement to this prospectus to name specifically such person as a Selling Stockholder. 13 Table of Contents There can be no assurance that the Selling Stockholder will sell all or any of the
securities offered by this prospectus. In addition, the Selling Stockholder may also sell securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if available, or in other transactions exempt from registration, rather than under this prospectus. The
Selling Stockholder has the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase offer or make any sale of securities if they deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time. To the extent required, the securities to be sold, the name of the Selling Stockholder, the respective purchase prices and public offering
prices, the proceeds to be received from the sale, if any, and other material terms of the offering, the settlement of short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus, the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable
commissions or discounts or any other items constituting compensation from the Selling Stockholder with respect to a particular offer may be set forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the
registration statement that includes this prospectus. In connection with the sale of our securities, the Selling Stockholder may enter
into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of our securities in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The Selling Stockholder may also sell our securities short
and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or pledge our securities to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these shares. The Selling Stockholder may also enter into option or other transactions with broker-dealers or
other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other
financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). In offering the
securities covered by this prospectus, the Selling Stockholder and any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents who execute sales for the Selling Stockholder may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in
connection with such sales. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of those securities may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. The Selling Stockholder may solicit offers to purchase the securities directly from, and may sell such securities directly to, institutional
investors or others. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. The terms of any of those sales, including the terms of any bidding or auction process, if utilized, may be described in a prospectus supplement if required. The Selling Stockholder may authorize underwriters, broker-dealers or agents to solicit offers by certain purchasers to purchase the
securities at the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. The contracts will be subject only to those conditions set
forth in the prospectus supplement, and the prospectus supplement will set forth any commissions we or the Selling Stockholder pay for solicitation of these contracts. The Selling Stockholder may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third
parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement,
including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by the Selling Stockholder or borrowed from the Selling Stockholder or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may
use securities received from the Selling Stockholder in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and will be identified in the applicable
prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, the Selling Stockholder may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus.
Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. 14 Table of Contents In effecting sales, broker-dealers or agents engaged by the Selling Stockholder may arrange
for other broker-dealers to participate. Broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions, discounts or concessions from the Selling Stockholder in amounts to be negotiated immediately prior to the sale. To our knowledge, there are currently no plans, arrangements or understandings between the Selling Stockholder and any broker-dealer or agent
regarding the sale of the securities by the Selling Stockholder. Upon our notification by the Selling Stockholder that any material arrangement has been entered into with an underwriter or broker-dealer for the sale of securities through a block
trade, special offering, exchange distribution, secondary distribution or a purchase by an underwriter or broker-dealer, we will file, if required by applicable law or regulation, a supplement to this prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the
Securities Act disclosing certain material information relating to such underwriter or broker-dealer and such offering. The
anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to the activities of the Selling Stockholder and its affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable, we will make copies of this
prospectus (as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the Selling Stockholder for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Stockholder against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act, the
Exchange Act or other federal or state law. Agents, broker-dealers and underwriters may be entitled to indemnification by us and the Selling Stockholder against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to
contribution with respect to payments which the agents, broker-dealers or underwriters may be required to make in respect thereof. 15 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Latham & Watkins LLP has passed upon the validity of the securities of Ouster offered by this prospectus and certain other legal
matters related to this prospectus. EXPERTS The financial statements of Ouster, Inc. incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm
as experts in auditing and accounting. The consolidated financial statements of Velodyne Lidar, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting
firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 16 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth the estimated expenses to be borne by the registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the
shares of common stock and warrants being registered hereby. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 7,135
Accounting fees and expenses | 170,000
Legal fees and expenses | 50,000
Miscellaneous expenses | 30,000
Total | $ | 257,135 Item 15. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”) empowers a corporation
to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action,
suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person
who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the
capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the
person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the
corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case,
such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees)
actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification
provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors
and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out
of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. II-1 Table of Contents Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of
incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not
eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a
knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our
Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our
board of directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee’s
involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all direct and indirect costs,
fees and expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including all other disbursements, obligations or expenses of the types customarily incurred in connection with prosecuting, defending, preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or
preparing to be witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, claim, counterclaim, cross claim, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute resolution mechanism, investigation,
inquiry, administrative hearing or any other actual, threatened or completed proceeding. The indemnification agreements also require us to advance, to the extent not prohibited by law, all direct and indirect costs, fees and expenses that such
director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce
our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. The foregoing
is only a general summary of certain aspects of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the DGCL and our
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Item 16. | Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021)
3.1.1 | Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2023)
3.2 | Bylaws of Ouster, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Post-Effective Amendment on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on March 10, 2021)
5.1* | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP
23.1* | Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
23.2* | Consent of KPMG LLP
23.3* | Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1* | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto)
99.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated October 14, 2018, by and between Velodyne Lidar, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Velodyne Lidar, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 18, 2018). II-2 Table of Contents Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
99.2† | Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, by and between Velodyne Lidar, Inc. and Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, dated as of February 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Velodyne Lidar, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2022).
107* | Filing Fee Table * | Filed herewith † | Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by “[***]”) have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv). Item 17. | Undertakings (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); (ii) | to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however, that (B) | paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (ii) and (iii) do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement; (2) | that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) | to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; (5) | that, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (ii) | Each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed II-3 Table of Contents in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use; and (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (h) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-4 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Francisco, State of
California, on May 11, 2023. OUSTER, INC.
By: | /s/ Mark Weinswig
Mark Weinswig
Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Angus Pacala and Mark
Weinswig, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Registration Statement, and any and all amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments), and to file the same, with exhibits
and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and
each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons
in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Angus Pacala Angus Pacala | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | May 11, 2023
/s/ Mark Weinswig Mark Weinswig | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | May 11, 2023
/s/ Theodore L. Tewksbury Theodore L. Tewksbury | Chair of the Board of Directors | May 11, 2023
/s/ Virginia Boulet Virginia Boulet | Director | May 11, 2023
/s/ Susan Heystee Susan Heystee | Director | May 11, 2023 II-5 Table of Contents /s/ Ernest E. Maddock Ernest E. Maddock | Director | May 11, 2023
/s/ Karin Rådström Karin Rådström | Director | May 11, 2023
/s/ Kristin Slanina Kristin Slanina | Director | May 11, 2023
/s/ Riaz Valani Riaz Valani | Director | May 11, 2023 II-6