                                FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT


                                                                             Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.
                                                                                   An Arizona Corporation
                                                                                 400-A N. College Avenue
                                                                              Fort Collins, Colorado 80524
                                                                                     Phone: 970-420-3358
                                                                                        chf@chebahut.com
                                                                                       www.chebahut.com



        Cheba Hut franchisees operate quick-service sandwich restaurants featuring toasted submarine
sandwiches, original sauces, salads, soups, chips, brownies, and other high-quality food and beverage
items in a fun, causal and distinctive atmosphere (“Cheba Hut Business(es)”).

         The total investment necessary to begin operation of a Cheba Hut franchised business is between
$631,150 and $2,086,100. This includes between $51,320 and $86,800 that must be paid to the franchisor
or its affiliate(s). The total investment necessary to begin operation of a franchise operating up to three
Cheba Hut franchised businesses (“Multi-3 Franchise”) is between $1,873,450 and $6,238,300.
This includes between $133,960 and $240,400 that must be paid to the franchisor or its affiliate(s).

        This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of your franchise agreement and other
information in plain English. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully. You must
receive this disclosure document at least 14 calendar days before you sign a binding agreement or make
any payment to, the franchisor or an affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale. Note,
however, that no governmental agency has verified the information contained in this document.
You may wish to receive your disclosure document in another format that is more convenient for you. To
discuss the availability of disclosures in different formats, contact Scott Jennings at 400-A N. College
Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 286-2953 or chf@chebahut.com.
         The terms of your contract will govern your franchise relationship. Do not rely on the disclosure
document alone to understand your contract. Read all of your contract carefully. Show your contract and
this disclosure document to an advisor, like a lawyer or an accountant.
        Buying a franchise is a complex investment. The information in this disclosure document can
help you make up your mind. More information on franchising, such as “A Consumer’s Guide to Buying
a Franchise,” which can help you understand how to use this disclosure document, is available from the
Federal Trade Commission. You can contact the FTC at 1-877-FTC-HELP or by writing to the FTC at
600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20580. You can also visit the FTC’s home page at
www.ftc.gov for additional information. Call your state agency or visit your public library for other
sources of information on franchising.

           There may also be laws on franchising in your state. Ask your state agencies about them.

                                       Issuance Date: April 20, 2025




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                      How to Use This Franchise Disclosure Document

Here are some questions you may be asking about buying a franchise and tips on how to
find more information:

                 QUESTION                 WHERE TO FIND INFORMATION

How much can I earn?                Item 19 may give you information about outlet
                                    sales, costs, profits or losses. You should also try
                                    to obtain this information from others, like current
                                    and former franchisees. You can find their names
                                    and contact information in Item 20 or Exhibit C.
How much will I need to Items 5 and 6 list fees you will be paying to the
invest?                 franchisor or at the franchisor’s direction. Item 7
                        lists the initial investment to open. Item 8 describes
                        the suppliers you must use.
Does the franchisor have the Item 21 or Exhibit B includes financial statements.
financial ability to provide Review these statements carefully.
support to my business?
Is the franchise system stable, Item 20 summarizes the recent history of the
growing, or shrinking?          number of company-owned and franchised outlets.
Will my business be the only Item 12 and the “territory” provisions in the
Cheba Hut business in my franchise agreement describe whether the
area?                        franchisor and other franchisees can compete with
                             you.
Does the franchisor have a Items 3 and 4 tell you whether the franchisor or its
troubled legal history?    management have been involved in material
                           litigation or bankruptcy proceedings.
What’s it like to be a Cheba Item 20 or Exhibit C lists current and former
Hut franchisee?              franchisees. You can contact them to ask about
                             their experiences.
What else should I know?            These questions are only a few things you should
                                    look for. Review all 23 Items and all Exhibits in
                                    this disclosure document to better understand this
                                    franchise opportunity. See the table of contents.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                      What You Need To Know About Franchising Generally

Continuing responsibility to pay fees. You may have to pay royalties and other fees
even if you are losing money.
Business model can change. The franchise agreement may allow the franchisor to
change its manuals and business model without your consent. These changes may
require you to make additional investments in your franchise business or may harm your
franchise business.
Supplier restrictions. You may have to buy or lease items from the franchisor or a
limited group of suppliers the franchisor designates. These items may be more expensive
than similar items you could buy on your own.
Operating restrictions. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business during the term of the franchise. There are usually other restrictions.
Some examples may include controlling your location, your access to customers, what
you sell, how you market, and your hours of operation.
Competition from franchisor. Even if the franchise agreement grants you a territory, the
franchisor may have the right to compete with you in your territory.
Renewal. Your franchise agreement may not permit you to renew. Even if it does, you
may have to sign a new agreement with different terms and conditions in order to
continue to operate your franchise business.
When your franchise ends. The franchise agreement may prohibit you from operating a
similar business after your franchise ends even if you still have obligations to your
landlord or other creditors.
                               Some States Require Registration

        Your state may have a franchise law, or other law, that requires franchisors to
register before offering or selling franchises in the state. Registration does not mean that
the state recommends the franchise or has verified the information in this document. To
find out if your state has a registration requirement, or to contact your state, use the
agency information in Exhibit D.
       Your state also may have laws that require special disclosures or amendments be
made to your franchise agreement. If so, you should check the State Specific Addenda.
See the Table of Contents for the location of the State Specific Addenda.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                      Special Risks to Consider About This Franchise

Certain states require that the following risk(s) be highlighted:
     1. Out-of-State Dispute Resolution. The franchise agreement requires you to
        resolve disputes with the franchisor by mediation, arbitration and/or litigation only
        in Colorado. Out-of-state mediation, arbitration, or litigation may force you to
        accept a less favorable settlement for disputes. It may also cost more to mediate,
        arbitrate, or litigate with the franchisor in Colorado than in your own state.

     2. Spousal Liability. Your spouse must sign a document that makes your spouse
        liable for all financial obligations under the franchise agreement, even if your
        spouse has no ownership interest in the franchise. This Guarantee will place both
        your and your spouse’s marital and personal assets (perhaps including your house)
        at risk if your franchise fails.

     3. Financial Condition. The franchisor’s financial condition, as reflected in its
        financial statements (see Item 21) calls into question the franchisor’s financial
        ability to provide services and support to you.

     4. Unregistered Trademark. The primary trademark that you will use in your
        business is not federally registered. If the franchisor’s ability to use this trademark
        in your area is challenged, you may have to identify your business and its
        products/services by a different name. This change can be expensive and may
        reduce brand recognition of the products and services you offer.

         Certain states may require other risks to be highlighted. Check the “State Specific
       Addenda” (if any) to see whether your state requires other risks to be highlighted.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               NOTICE REQUIRED BY
                                               STATE OF MICHIGAN

THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT
BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.

Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating to a
franchise:

           (a)        A prohibition on the right of a franchisee to join an association of franchisees.

        (b) A requirement that the franchisee assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or
estoppel which deprives a franchisee of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude
a franchisee, after entering into a franchise agreement, from settling any and all claims.

        (c) A provision that permits a franchisor to terminate a franchise prior to the expiration of its
terms except for good cause. Good cause shall include the failure of the franchisee to comply with any
lawful provision of the franchise agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice
thereof and a reasonable opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.

        (d) A provision that permits a franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise without fairly
compensating the franchisee by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of
expiration of the franchisee’s inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized
materials which have no value to the franchisor and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and
furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of the franchise business are not subject to
compensation. This subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the franchise is less than five years and (ii)
the franchisee is prohibited by the franchise or other agreement from continuing to conduct substantially
the same business under another trademark, service mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other
commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the expiration of the franchise or the franchisee does
not receive at least six months advance notice of franchisor’s intent not to renew the franchise.

        (e) A provision that permits the franchisor to refuse to renew a franchise on terms generally
available to other franchisees of the same class or type or under similar circumstances. This section does
not require a renewal provision.

         (f) A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside this state. This shall
not preclude the franchisee from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to conduct
arbitration at a location outside this state.

          (g) A provision which permits a franchisor to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a
franchise, except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent a franchisor from exercising a right of
first refusal to purchase the franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:

                  (i) The failure of the proposed transferee to meet the franchisor’s then-current
           reasonable qualifications or standards.

                   (ii) The fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of the franchisor or
           subfranchisor.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                   (iii) The unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with all
           lawful obligations.

                    (iv) The failure of the franchisee or proposed transferee to pay any sums owing to the
           franchisor or to cure any default in the franchise agreement existing at the time of the proposed
           transfer.

        (h) A provision that requires the franchisee to resell to the franchisor items that are not
uniquely identified with the franchisor. This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to a
franchisor a right of first refusal to purchase the assets of a franchise on the same terms and conditions as
a bona fide third party willing and able to purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a
provision that grants the franchisor the right to acquire the assets of a franchise for the market or
appraised value of such assets if the franchisee has breached the lawful provisions of the franchise
agreement and has failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in subdivision (c).

        (i) A provision which permits the franchisor to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or
otherwise transfer its obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to the franchisee unless provision has
been made for providing the required contractual services.

The fact there is a notice of this offering on file with the attorney general does not constitute
approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the attorney general.

Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to the Department of Attorney General, State of
Michigan, 670 Williams Building, Lansing, Michigan 48913, telephone (517) 373-7117.

THE MICHIGAN NOTICE APPLIES ONLY TO FRANCHISEES WHO ARE RESIDENTS OF
MICHIGAN OR LOCATE THEIR FRANCHISES IN MICHIGAN.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                           TABLE OF CONTENTS

Item                                                                                                                                                 Page

ITEM 1                THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENT, PREDECESSORS, AND
                      AFFILIATES ........................................................................................................................ 1
ITEM 2                BUSINESS EXPERIENCE .................................................................................................. 3
ITEM 3                LITIGATION ........................................................................................................................ 3
ITEM 4                BANKRUPTCY.................................................................................................................... 3
ITEM 5                INITIAL FEES ...................................................................................................................... 4
ITEM 6                OTHER FEES ....................................................................................................................... 5
ITEM 7                ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT ............................................................................ 12
ITEM 8                RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ............................. 15
ITEM 9                FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS ..................................................................................... 17
ITEM 10               FINANCING ....................................................................................................................... 18
ITEM 11               FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEM,
                      AND TRAINING................................................................................................................ 18
ITEM 12               TERRITORY ...................................................................................................................... 26
ITEM 13               TRADEMARKS ................................................................................................................. 28
ITEM 14               PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION ............................. 31
ITEM 15               OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL OPERATION OF THE
                      FRANCHISE BUSINESS................................................................................................... 33
ITEM 16               RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL...................................... 33
ITEM 17               RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER, AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION ............... 34
ITEM 18               PUBLIC FIGURES ............................................................................................................. 37
ITEM 19               FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS ................................................... 38
ITEM 20               OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION ........................................................... 40
ITEM 21               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ............................................................................................ 44
ITEM 22               CONTRACTS ..................................................................................................................... 44
ITEM 23               RECEIPT ............................................................................................................................ 44

EXHIBITS:

Exhibit A                   Franchise Agreement
Exhibit B                   Financial Statements
Exhibit C                   List of Current and Former Franchisees
Exhibit D                   List of State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process
Exhibit E                   Brand Standards Manual Table of Contents
Exhibit F                   State Addenda and Agreement Riders
Exhibit G                   Contracts for use with the Cheba Hut Franchise
Exhibit H                   Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire
Exhibit I                   State Effective Dates
Exhibit J                   Receipt




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                                            i
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                       ITEM 1
            THE FRANCHISOR, AND ANY PARENT, PREDECESSORS, AND AFFILIATES

         To simplify the language in this Franchise Disclosure Document, “CHF,” “we,” “us,” and “our”
means Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., the franchisor. “You,” “your,” and “Franchisee” means the person,
and its owners if the Franchisee is a business entity, who buys the franchise from CHF.

The Franchisor

         CHF is an Arizona corporation incorporated on March 2, 2001. We operate under the name
Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. and Cheba Hut. Our principal business address is 400-A N. College Avenue,
Fort Collins, Colorado 80524. We offer franchises (“Cheba Hut Franchises” or “Franchises”) for Cheba
Hut Businesses and have done so since April 2002. We do not, and have not, conducted business under
any other name or in any other line of business and we do not, and have not, offered franchises in any
other line of business. We do not conduct, and have never conducted, a business of the type described in
this Franchise Disclosure Document but our affiliates do.

        Our agent for service of process in Colorado is Scott Jennings, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort
Collins, Colorado 80524. Our agents for service of process for other states are identified by state in
Exhibit D. If a state is not listed, we have not appointed an agent for service of process in that state in
connection with the requirements of franchise laws. There may be states in addition to those listed above
in which we have appointed an agent for service of process. There may also be additional agents
appointed in some of the states listed.

Parents, Predecessors and Affiliates

        We do not have any predecessors or parent entities. Our affiliate, Cheba Hut IP Holdings, Inc.
(“Cheba Hut IP”) owns the Cheba Hut trademarks and licenses them to us. Cheba Hut IP is also the
approved supplier of custom Artwork for Cheba Hut Businesses. Cheba Hut IP shares our principal
business address. Our affiliate, 1998, LLC (“1998”) operates a Cheba Hut Business in Harmony,
Colorado and has done so since June, 2021 and also operates the Cheba Hut training store in Fort Collins,
Colorado. 1998 shares our principal business address. Our affiliate, PV OG LLC operates a Cheba Hut
Business in Scottsdale, Arizona that opened in December 2023. Our affiliate, Frontier Daze LLC will
operate a Cheba Hut Business in Cheyenne, Wyoming that will open in June 2025. None of our affiliates
conduct any other business and do not offer and have not offered franchises in this or any line of business.

The Franchise

        Cheba Hut franchisees operate restaurants providing quick-service sandwiches featuring toasted
submarine sandwiches, original sauces, salads, soups, chips, brownies, and other high-quality food and
beverage items in a fun, casual and distinctive atmosphere. Cheba Hut Businesses operate under our
system (“System”) using Cheba Hut’s trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos (the “Marks”)
from an approved retail location (“Restaurant”).

       You must sign our standard franchise agreement attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document
as Exhibit A (“Franchise Agreement”). You may operate one Cheba Hut Business for each Franchise
Agreement you sign.

        We offer two different franchise packages depending on the number of Cheba Hut Businesses
you wish to purchase: a single Cheba Hut Business or a Multi-3 Franchise. If you purchase a Multi-3
Franchise, you will sign the “Multi-Franchise Addendum” attached to this Disclosure Document in



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  1
[2025 FDD v1F]
Exhibit G-7 and the Cheba Hut Franchise Agreement attached to this Disclosure Document. There is no
development territory or development schedule to open additional Cheba Hut Businesses. Prior to
opening each additional Cheba Hut Business under the Multi-Franchise Addendum, you must sign the
then-current Cheba Hut Franchise Agreement, which may differ from the current Franchise Agreement
included with this Franchise Disclosure Document.

         The Multi-Franchise Addendum supplements the terms of the Franchise Agreement in relation to
the opening of additional Cheba Hut franchises. You are not granted any territorial rights or any other
rights except those granted under the Franchise Agreements for the additional Cheba Hut Businesses.

Market and Competition

        The primary market for the goods and services offered by the Cheba Hut Businesses is the
general public. The goods and services offered by Cheba Hut Businesses are not seasonal. The restaurant
market, as a whole, is well-developed and highly competitive, and includes retail units, mobile food
trucks, and kiosks selling various types of food. You may have to compete with numerous other
independent and chain-affiliated restaurants, some of which may be franchised. Many restaurant franchise
systems, in particular, have already established national and international brand recognition.

Industry-Specific Laws

         Many states and local jurisdictions have enacted laws, rules, regulations and ordinances which
may apply to the operation of your Cheba Hut Business, including those which: (a) establish general
standards, specifications and requirements for the construction, design and maintenance of your
Restaurant; (b) regulate matters affecting the health, safety and welfare of your customers, such as general
health and sanitation requirements; employee practices concerning the storage, handling, and preparation
of food; restrictions on smoking and exposure to tobacco smoke or other carcinogens or reproductive
toxicants and saccharin; availability of and requirements for public accommodations, including restrooms;
(c) set standards pertaining to employee health and safety; (d) set standards and requirements for fire
safety and general emergency preparedness, (e) govern the use of vending machines, (f) regulate the
proper use, storage and disposal of waste, insecticides and other hazardous materials, (g) establish general
requirements or restrictions on advertising containing false or misleading claims, or health and nutrient
claims on menus or otherwise, such as “low calorie” or “fat free,” and (h) establish requirements
concerning withholdings and employee reporting of taxes on tips. You must also obtain all necessary
permits, licenses, and approvals to operate your Cheba Hut Business.

        Many local or state jurisdictions require food service permits for those preparing, handling and
serving food to the public. You and your employees may be required to pass a test or other certification
process to obtain these permits. There may also be local ordinances and regulations governing food
storage, preparation and serving. You must obtain a retail alcoholic beverage license under state and local
law, regulations and ordinances. You should understand that the sale of alcoholic beverages is heavily
regulated by federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances. These laws, regulations and
ordinances may vary significantly between jurisdictions. You may also have liability imposed on you by
Dram Shop Laws for injuries directly and indirectly related to the sale and consumption of alcoholic
beverages.

        You should investigate, understand, and comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and
requirements applicable to you and your Cheba Hut Franchise. You should consult with a legal advisor
about whether these and/or other requirements apply to your Cheba Hut Business. Failure to comply with
laws and regulations is a material breach of the Franchise Agreement.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  2
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                  ITEM 2
                                           BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

President and Chairman of the Board of Directors: Scott C. Jennings

         Scott Jennings is our President in Fort Collins, Colorado and has been since our inception in
March 2001. Mr. Jennings was also our Chief Executive Officer in Fort Collins, Colorado from April
2013 until May 2020. Mr. Jennings has been our Chairman of the Board of Directors in Fort Collins,
Colorado since October 2013. Mr. Jennings also served as the President of our affiliate, JTT Holdings,
Inc. in Greeley, Colorado from April 2017 until June 2020.

Chief Executive Officer: Marc Torres

         Marc Torres is our Chief Executive Officer in Fort Collins, Colorado since May 2020. Prior to
that, he served as our Chief Operations Officer in Fort Collins, Colorado from April 2014 until May 2020.
Prior to that, Mr. Torres served as our Director of Operations in Fort Collins, Colorado from November
2010 to April 2014. Marc Torres also now serves as the Vice President of our affiliate, JTT Holdings, Inc.
in Fort Collins, Colorado and has been since June 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Torres served as the Chief
Operations Officer of our affiliate, JTT Holdings, Inc. from April 2017 to June 2020.

Chief Relationship Officer: Seth Larsen

        Seth Larsen is our Chief Relationship Officer in Fort Collins, Colorado and has been since
January 2019.

Vice President of Operations: Brian Witte

        Brian Witte is our Vice President of Operations in Fort Collins, Colorado, and has been since
January 2022. Mr. Witte was not employed from September 2021 to January 2022. Prior to that, Mr.
Witte was Director of Oﬃce Operations for Quality First Service Group in Aurora, Colorado from
October 2020 to August 2021. He was Director of Operations for Easthon Enterprises LLC DBA Chick-
Fil-A in Denver, Colorado from April 2018 to September 2020.

Chief Financial Officer: James Wedding

       Mr. Wedding is our Chief Financial Officer in Fort Collins, Colorado and has been since June
2024. Previously he was Vice President of Umpqua Bank in Fort Collins, Colorado from September
2023 to August 2024. Prior to that, he was Vice President of FirstBank in Fort Collins, Colorado from
June 2015 to September 2023.

                                                    ITEM 3
                                                  LITIGATION

           No litigation is required to be disclosed in this Item.

                                                    ITEM 4
                                                 BANKRUPTCY

           No bankruptcy is required to be disclosed in this Item.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       3
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               ITEM 5
                                            INITIAL FEES

           Initial Franchise Fee

        We offer two different Franchise packages depending on the number of Cheba Hut Businesses
you wish to purchase:

                                              Number of
                      Franchise Type          Cheba Hut                 “Initial Franchise Fee”
                                              Businesses
                         Single                   1                           $50,000
                         Multi-3               Up to 3                        $130,000

         If you purchase a Multi-3 Franchise you will sign the Multi-Franchise Addendum. There is no
development territory or development schedule to open additional Cheba Hut Businesses. To open
additional Cheba Hut Businesses under a Multi-3 Franchise you will be required to sign the then-current
Cheba Hut Business franchise agreement, but you will not be required to pay an Initial Franchise Fee (all
other fees will apply). The Initial Franchise Fee is payment for all of our pre-opening assistance that we
provide to allow you to open your Cheba Hut Business and also offsets some of our franchisee
recruitment expenses. The Initial Franchise Fee is uniform, payable when you sign your Franchise
Agreement and is non-refundable.

         During our last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, we collected a reduced initial franchise
fees of $10,000 from an existing franchisee and $130,000 for a Multi-3 Franchise.

           Extension Fee

         If you do not open your Restaurant within 18 months after signing the Franchise Agreement,
then you will have the right to request, in writing, one or more 30-day extension periods to open the
Restaurant, not to exceed 180 days from the required opening date in total. You must pay us an extension
fee of $1,000 for every 30-day extension period upon requesting each extension with a maximum
extension period of 180 days. These payments are uniform and non-refundable.

           Equipment and Décor

        You must purchase certain décor pieces from us and our affiliate, Cheba Hut IP, prior to opening.
We estimate that your cost for these items will be between $420 and $4,200. This cost varies based on the
region where your Cheba Hut Business is located and by the size of your location. The fee for these items
is non-refundable.

           Pre-Opening Technology Fee

         You must pay us a “Pre-Opening Technology Fee” of $100 per month when you sign the
Franchise Agreement until your Cheba Hut Business is open. This fee will be used to manage your
Intranet and Email accounts. The full technology fee will be charged upon the opening of your Cheba Hut
Business. We estimate the Pre-Opening Technology Fee will range from $900 to $2,400. The lower
amount assumes you open your Cheba Hut Business within 9 months, while the higher amount assumes
you open within 180 days following the 18-month period allowed for opening, including any extensions.
This cost is uniform and non-refundable.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 4
[2025 FDD v1F]
           Opening Team

         After your management staff has successfully completed the initial training program, we will
arrange for an “Opening Team” to assist you with opening your Cheba Hut Business. The Opening Team
will assist you with implementing the Cheba Hut System at your Restaurant and training your staff and
kitchen employees on the Cheba Hut brand standards. The Opening Team will assist you for a minimum
of 10 days for your first Cheba Hut Business and a minimum of five days for additional Cheba Hut
Businesses (which may not be consecutive) at no charge to you unless we provide more than three
representatives or additional days of assistance. If we determine that Opening Team must include more
than three representatives or that the Opening Team must be present at the Cheba Hut Business for more
than 10 days (or 5 days), you are required to reimburse us for the travel expenses and the salaries and
benefits attributable to the extra representatives and/or extra days (currently $500 per person, per day of
additional support). If incurred, we estimate these additional expenses to be between $2,000 and $20,000.
We will invoice you for these expenses after the Opening Team completed their duties. This payment is
non-refundable.

        The table below shows a summary of the initial fees paid to us or our affiliates. It does include the
Extension Fee, which is only payable if you do not open your Restaurant within 18 months after signing
the Franchise Agreement.

                                         Single                                 Multi-3 Franchise
Type of Expenditure
                              Low                  High                   Low                    High
Initial Franchise Fee        $50,000              $50,000               $130,000               $130,000
Extension Fee                  $0                  $6,000                  $0                  $18,000
Equipment      and            $420                 $4,200                $1,260                $12,600
Décor
Pre-Opening                   $900                 $2,400                $2,700                 $7,200
Technology Fee
Opening Team                      $0              $20,000                  $0                  $60,000
Total Initial Fees           $51,320              $82,600               $133,960               $227,800

           Non-preferred Architect Fee

        You must pay us $4,200 if you would like to use you own architect instead of our preferred
architect to compensate us for the additional costs that we will incur to make sure your Restaurant
complies with our System standards (“Non-preferred Architect Fee”). This fee is due within 30 days after
we invoice you, and is uniform and non-refundable.

           Financial Assurances

         Some states have imposed a financial assurance. Please refer to the State Addendum in Exhibit F
to the Franchise Disclosure Document.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   5
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                ITEM 6
                                              OTHER FEES

       Type of Fee(1)          Amount                 Due Date                          Remarks
Royalty(2)              5% of Net Sales           Due on               The “Royalty” is based on “Net Sales”
                                                  Wednesday of         during the previous week. Your Royalty is
                                                  each week            an ongoing payment that allows you to
                                                                       use the Marks and the intellectual
                                                                       property of the System and pays for our
                                                                       ongoing support and assistance.
Brand Fund              2% of your weekly Net     Same as Royalty      This contribution will be used for a
Contribution            Sales                                          system-wide “Brand Fund” for our use in
                                                                       promoting and building the Cheba Hut
                                                                       brand. We reserve the right to increase the
                                                                       Brand Fund Contribution to up to 4.20%
                                                                       upon written notice to you.
Local Advertising       The difference between    Payable after        If you fail to meet your required local
Payment                 the amount you spent      receipt of invoice   advertising requirement on a rolling six-
                        on local advertising                           month basis, you must pay us the
                        each month and your                            difference between the amount you spent
                        required local                                 and the required advertising expenditure,
                        advertising expenditure                        which will be contributed to the Brand
                        (1% of your Net Sales)                         Fund.
Local and Regional      Established by            Established by       We currently do not have a cooperative
Advertising             cooperative members,      cooperative          but reserve the right to require one to be
Cooperatives            between 0.5% and 2%       members              established in the future. If a local or
                        of Gross Sales                                 regional advertising cooperative is
                                                                       established, contribution amounts will be
                                                                       established by the cooperative members,
                                                                       subject to our approval. We anticipate that
                                                                       each Cheba Hut franchisee and each
                                                                       Cheba Hut Business that we own will
                                                                       have one vote for each Cheba Hut
                                                                       Business operated in the designated
                                                                       market. Each Cheba Hut Business we
                                                                       own that exists within the cooperative’s
                                                                       area will contribute to the cooperative on
                                                                       the same basis as franchisees. No local or
                                                                       regional advertising cooperatives have
                                                                       been established as of the Issuance Date
                                                                       of this Franchise Disclosure Document.
                                                                       Item 11 contains more information about
                                                                       advertising cooperatives.
Default Fee             $100 per occurrence       On demand            This fee is due in the event that you are in
                        per week                                       default and is in addition to your
                                                                       indemnification obligations. This fee is
                                                                       intended to offset the damages that we
                                                                       incur as a result of your default and is not
                                                                       intended as a penalty. You will continue
                                                                       to incur this fee until you cure the default.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   6
[2025 FDD v1F]
       Type of Fee(1)            Amount                Due Date                       Remarks
Unauthorized              $500 per occurrence       On demand        This fee is payable to us or to the Brand
Advertising Fee                                                      Fund, if you use unauthorized advertising
                                                                     in violation of the terms of the Franchise
                                                                     Agreement.
Unauthorized              $500 per occurrence       On demand        Periodically, we provide marketing
Merchandise Resale                                                   packages for each Cheba Hut Business
                                                                     that include t-shirts, stickers and
                                                                     promotional items. If you resell any of
                                                                     these items, you will be required to pay
                                                                     this fee.
Insurance                 Reimbursement of all      On demand        If you fail to maintain any required
Reimbursement             costs and premiums                         insurance coverage, we have the right to
                          that we incur, plus a                      obtain the coverage on your behalf (which
                          20% administrative                         right shall be at our option and in addition
                          surcharge                                  to our other rights and remedies in this
                                                                     Franchise Agreement), you must pay to
                                                                     us, within ten days after invoicing, all
                                                                     costs and premiums that we incur, plus a
                                                                     20% administrative surcharge.
Additional Training or    Then-current fee          As incurred      We provide initial training at no charge
Assistance Fees           (currently $250 per day                    for up to three people provided they
                          for on-site training or                    attend the initial training at the same time.
                          $3,500 per additional                      We may charge you for training
                          person for initial                         additional persons, remedial training that
                          training) plus expenses                    we require based on your operational
                          (estimated to range                        deficiencies or defaults, manager training,
                          from $100 to $5,000                        refresher training courses, advanced
                          per person)                                training courses, and additional or special
                                                                     assistance or training you need or request.
                                                                     You (or if you are an entity, your
                                                                     Managing Operator) and your Designated
                                                                     Manager, if any, must successfully
                                                                     complete initial training.
Technology Fee(3)         Up to $750 per Month      Monthly upon     This fee covers certain technologies used
                                                    opening          in the operation of your Cheba Hut
                                                                     Business. We reserve the right to upgrade,
                                                                     modify, and add new software. You will
                                                                     be responsible for any increase in fees
                                                                     that   result    from    any upgrades,
                                                                     modifications, or additional software or
                                                                     from increases from third-party vendors.
Online Ordering Service   Up to $119 per month      Upon receiving   This is currently paid to our approved
Fee                                                 invoice          supplier for the online ordering for your
                                                                     Cheba Hut Business.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    7
[2025 FDD v1F]
       Type of Fee(1)          Amount                 Due Date                         Remarks
Conference Fee          The then-current          On demand            Payable to us to help defray the cost of
                        registration fee                               your attendance at any annual conference
                        (currently $1,000 per                          that we choose to hold. Currently, we
                        person)                                        have two conferences per year. This fee is
                                                                       due regardless of whether or not you
                                                                       attend our annual conference in any given
                                                                       year.
Supplier and Product    Costs of inspection       As incurred          Payable if we inspect a new product,
Evaluation Fee          (estimated to be                               service, or proposed supplier nominated
                        approximately $100 to                          by you.
                        $1,000)
Replacement of Brand    $420                      On demand            Payable if your copy of the Brand
Standards Manual                                                       Standards Manual is lost, destroyed, or
                                                                       significantly damaged.
Payment Service Fee     Up to 4% of total         As incurred          If payment is made to us or our affiliate
                        charge                                         by credit card for any fee required, we
                                                                       may charge a service charge of up to four
                                                                       percent (4%) of the total charge.
Late Payment Fee        The lesser of 18% per     As incurred          Payable if any payment due to us or our
                        annum or the highest                           affiliates is not made by the due date.
                        rate allowed by                                Interest accrues from the original due date
                        applicable law                                 until payment is received in full. If we do
                                                                       not specify a due date, interest shall
                                                                       accrue beginning ten days after we bill
                                                                       you.
Non-Sufficient Funds    $100 per occurrence or    On demand            Payable if any check or electronic
Fee                     the highest amount                             payment is not successful due to
                        allowed by law and any                         insufficient funds, stop payment, or any
                        late charge imposed                            similar event.
Failure to Submit       $100 per occurrence       Your bank            Payable if you fail to submit the monthly
Required Report Fee     and per week              account will be      reports when due. Fines collected are paid
                                                  debited for          to the Brand Fund. You will continue to
                                                  failure to submit    incur this fee until you submit the
                                                  any requested        required report.
                                                  report within five
                                                  days of request
Audit Expenses          Cost of audit and         Ten days after       You will be required to pay this if an
                        inspection, any           invoicing            audit reveals that you understated Net
                        understated amounts,                           Sales by more than 1.5% in any week,
                        and any related                                month or year or you fail to submit
                        accounting, legal,                             required reports.
                        travel and lodging
                        expenses (we estimate
                        this cost to be between
                        $1,000 and $10,000)




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   8
[2025 FDD v1F]
       Type of Fee(1)          Amount                Due Date                        Remarks
Management Fee          $500 per day, plus        As incurred       Payable if we manage the Cheba Hut
                        costs and expenses                          Business because you fail to perform the
                                                                    responsibilities of a Managing Operator,
                                                                    or are in material breach of the Franchise
                                                                    Agreement, or upon a crisis management
                                                                    event.
Professional Fees and   Will vary under           As incurred       You must reimburse us for any legal,
Expenses                circumstances                               accounting or other professional fees
                                                                    (“Professional Fees”) that we incur as a
                                                                    result of any breach or termination of
                                                                    your Franchise Agreement or as a result
                                                                    of your indemnity obligations. You must
                                                                    reimburse us if we are required to incur
                                                                    any expenses in enforcing our rights
                                                                    against you, including attorney fees,
                                                                    under the Franchise Agreement.
Consulting Fees         The then-current fee      On demand         Payable only if you request us to provide
                        charged by us for                           a consultant to assist and/or advise you on
                        consulting services                         management and operations issues for
                        (currently $250 per day                     your Cheba Hut Business.
                        plus all expenses
                        incurred)
Indemnification         Will vary under           As incurred       You must indemnify and reimburse us for
                        circumstances                               any expenses or losses, including
                                                                    Professional Fees that we or our
                                                                    representatives incur related in any way to
                                                                    your Cheba Hut Business or Franchise.
Renewal Fee             50% of the then-current   At the time you   Payable if you qualify to renew your
                        Initial Franchise Fee     sign the new      Franchise Agreement and choose to enter
                                                  franchise         into a successor franchise agreement. If
                                                  agreement         we are not offering Franchises at the time
                                                                    of your renewal, the successor franchise
                                                                    fee will be 50% of the initial franchise fee
                                                                    listed in the most recent Franchise
                                                                    Disclosure Document.
Relocation Fee          Up to $10,000 for         Upon our          You must reimburse us for our reasonable
                        relocation                approval of the   expenses if we permit you to relocate
                                                  new location      your Cheba Hut Business. We will
                                                                    provide you with copies of our invoices
                                                                    for our expenses from any third-party
                                                                    providers upon request.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   9
[2025 FDD v1F]
       Type of Fee(1)                Amount                 Due Date                          Remarks
Transfer Fee                 $10,000                    $1,000 non-          Payable in connection with the transfer of
                                                        refundable           your Cheba Hut Business, a transfer of
                                                        deposit at time of   ownership of your legal entity, or the
                                                        transfer             Franchise Agreement.
                                                        application
                                                        submittal and the
                                                        remaining
                                                        balance at time
                                                        of the approved
                                                        transfer
Mystery Shopper Fee          Currently                  As incurred          This is currently paid through your Brand
                             approximately $100                              Fund Account. At any time, we reserve
                             per occurrence and                              the right to engage the services of one or
                             performed two times                             more mystery shoppers or quality
                             per month                                       assurance inspection firms who will
                                                                             inspect your Cheba Hut Business for
                                                                             quality control purposes.            These
                                                                             inspections may address a variety of
                                                                             issues, including customer service, food
                                                                             safety, sanitation, inventory rotation, etc.
                                                                             Currently these inspections are performed
                                                                             twice per month.
Liquidated Damages(4)        Will vary under the        Within 15 days       Due only if we terminate the Franchise
                             circumstances              after termination    Agreement before the end of the term
                                                        of the Franchise     because of your material breach, or you
                                                        Agreement            terminate the Franchise Agreement
                                                                             without legal cause.
Business Interruption        6% of any proceeds         As incurred          Only incurred if your Restaurant is closed
Insurance Fee                received from your                              as a result of casualty relocation, or any
                             business interruption                           other reason.
                             insurance
Broker Fees                  Our actual cost of the     As incurred          If you transfer your Cheba Hut Business
                             brokerage                                       to a third party or purchaser, you must
                             commissions, finder’s                           reimburse all of our actual costs for
                             fees, or similar charges                        commissions, finder’s fees and similar
                                                                             charges.

Notes:

1.           Fees. All fees paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and not refundable under any circumstances
             once paid. Fees paid to vendors or other suppliers may be refundable depending on the vendors
             and suppliers. We currently require you to pay fees and other amounts due to us or our affiliates
             via electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) or other similar means. You are required to complete the
             EFT authorization (in the form attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G).
             We can require an alternative payment method or payment frequency for any fees or amounts
             owed to us or our affiliates under the Franchise Agreement. If you sign a Multi-Franchise
             Addendum to operate multiple Cheba Hut Businesses, the fees indicated in the chart above are
             the fees charged and/or incurred for each Cheba Hut Business. All fees are current as of the
             Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document. Certain fees that we have indicated may
             increase over the term of the Franchise Agreement. All fees are current as of the Issuance Date



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                         10
[2025 FDD v1F]
             of this Franchise Disclosure Document. Certain fees that we have indicated may increase over
             the term of the Franchise Agreement. Also, any fee expressed as a fixed dollar amount is subject
             to adjustment based on changes to the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”) in the United States. We
             may periodically review and increase these fees based on changes to the CPI (in addition to any
             other increase), but only if the increase to the CPI is more than 5% higher than the
             corresponding CPI in effect on: (a) the effective date of your Franchise Agreement (for the
             initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we implemented the last fee adjustment (for subsequent
             fee adjustments). We will notify you of any CPI adjustment at least 60 days before the fee
             adjustment becomes effective. We will implement no more than one CPI-related fee adjustment
             during any calendar year. Unless we have indicated otherwise, for any fee that is listed as our
             then-current fee in the table above, we reserve the right to increase this fee to the greater of: (a) a
             maximum of 10% per year, calculated cumulatively each year; or (b) the amount of any
             increases in fees from third parties for the underlying products or services, or the amount of any
             increases in fees from third parties for the underlying products or services.

2.           Royalty. “Net Sales” means the total of all revenues and income from the sale of all Cheba Hut
             Business food products, beverages and other related merchandise, products, and services to your
             customers whether or not sold or performed at or from the Cheba Hut Business, and whether
             received in cash, coupon, in services in kind, from barter and/or exchange, on credit (whether or
             not payment is received) or otherwise. If you offer any services, including catering or special
             events, all receipts from these services (including additional delivery charges) are included in
             Net Sales. You may deduct from Net Sales for purposes of this computation (but only to the
             extent they have been included) the amount of all sales tax receipts or similar tax receipts which,
             by law, are chargeable to customers, if the taxes are separately stated when the customer is
             charged and if the taxes are paid to the appropriate taxing authority. You may also deduct from
             Net Sales the amount of any documented refunds, chargebacks, credits, charged tips, and
             allowances you give in good faith to your customers. All barter and/or exchange transactions in
             which you furnish services and/or products in exchange for goods and/or services provided to
             you by a vendor, supplier, or customer will, for the purpose of determining Net Sales, be valued
             at the full retail value of the goods and/or services so provided to you.

3.           Technology Fee. We will provide you with certain technology services in exchange for your
             monthly technology fee, which may change periodically based on changes to the technology
             services we provide and/or our costs to provide these services. The current technology fee is up
             to $750 per month beginning the month you begin operations. We reserve the right to license,
             sublicense, and create software and technology that Cheba Hut franchisees must pay for and use.
             We can change the software and technology that must be used by our franchisees at any time,
             which may result in changes to the technology fee.

4.           Liquidated Damages. Liquidated damages are determined by multiplying the combined monthly
             average of Royalties and Promotion Fund contributions (without regard to any fee waivers or
             other reductions) that are owed by you to us, beginning with date you open your Cheba Hut
             Business through the date of early termination, multiplied by the lesser of: (i) 36; or (ii) the
             number of full months remaining in the term of the Franchise Agreement, except that liquidated
             damages will not, under any circumstances, be less than $30,000.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        11
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                           ITEM 7
                                ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

                         YOUR ESTIMATED INITIAL INVESTMENT

                                 Amount                       Method                            To Whom
      Type of
                                                                 of           When Due         Payment is to
    Expenditure         Low                 High              Payment                             be Paid
Initial Franchise     $50,000              $50,000          Lump Sum      See Item 5 of this   Us
Fee(1)                                                                    Franchise
                                                                          Disclosure
                                                                          Document
Leasehold             $275,000            $1,100,000        As Incurred   Before Opening       Third Parties
Improvements(2)
Furniture,            $150,000            $325,000          As Incurred   As Incurred          Us, Our
Fixtures, Décor                                                                                affiliate,
and Equipment(3)                                                                               Supplier and
                                                                                               Leasing
                                                                                               Company
Point-of-Sale           $0                 $15,000          Lump Sum      Before Opening       Supplier
Systems and
Other
Equipment(4)
Pre-Opening            $900                $2,400           Lump Sum      Before Opening       Us
Technology Fee(5)
Opening Team            $0                 $20,000          As Incurred   As Incurred          Us
Expenses(6)
Training              $15,000              $25,000          Lump Sum      As Incurred          Providers of
Expenses(7)                                                                                    Travel,
                                                                                               Lodging, and
                                                                                               Food Services
Architectural and     $17,500              $50,000          Lump Sum      Before Opening       Suppliers
Engineering
Fees(8)
Non-preferred           $0                 $4,200           Lump Sum      As Incurred          Us
Architect Fee (9)
Site Survey Fee        $1,750              $3,500           Lump Sum      At Lease Execution   Suppliers
       (10)
Signs                 $10,000              $50,000          Lump Sum      Before Opening       Suppliers
3-Months’ Lease       $20,000              $50,000          As Incurred   As Incurred          Landlord
Payments(11)
Miscellaneous(12)     $15,000              $30,000          As Incurred   Before Opening or    Landlord,
                                                                          otherwise as         Utilities,
                                                                          arranged             Government
                                                                                               Agencies,
                                                                                               Insurance
                                                                                               Companies,
                                                                                               Attorneys,
                                                                                               Accountants
                                                                                               and Other
                                                                                               Professionals
First Party(13)        $3,500              $10,000          As Incurred   Before Opening       Suppliers
Additional Funds      $50,000             $100,000          As Incurred   As Incurred          Employees,
- 3 Months(14)                                                                                 Suppliers and
                                                                                               Utilities



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    12
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                      Amount                        Method                              To Whom
       Type of
                                                                      of            When Due          Payment is to
     Expenditure             Low                 High              Payment                               be Paid
Initial Inventory-         $15,000              $30,000          As Incurred    Before Opening        Suppliers
Food & Bar
Professional Fees           $5,000             $15,000           As Incurred    Before Opening        Third Parties
Liquor License              $2,500             $200,000          Lump Sum       Before Opening        Governmental
Costs(15)                                                                                             Agencies and
                                                                                                      for
                                                                                                      Professional
                                                                                                      Services
Extension Fee                 $0                $6,000           As incurred    As incurred before    Us
                                                                                opening
TOTAL
ESTIMATED
INITIAL
INVESTMENT                 $631,150            $2,086,100
Multi-3 Franchise     If you purchase a Multi-3 Franchise under the Multi-Franchise Addendum, you will incur all of
                      the costs listed above for each Cheba Hut Business you open except that the Initial Franchise
                      Fee will total $130,000 and allow you to open up to three Cheba Hut Businesses. If you were
                      to open a Multi-3 Franchise to operate three Cheba Hut Businesses, using the same estimated
                      initial expenses above, we estimate this total cost to range between $1,873,450 and $6,238,300.

Notes:

These estimated initial expenses are our best estimate of the costs you may incur in establishing and
operating your Cheba Hut Franchise. We do not offer direct or indirect financing for these items. All
expenditures paid to us or our affiliates are uniform and non-refundable under any circumstances once
paid. All expenses payable to third parties are non-refundable, except as you may arrange for utility
deposits and other payments.

1.         Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee is $50,000 for the purchase of a single Cheba Hut
           Business. If you purchase a Multi-3 Franchise, the only additional initial cost that you will incur
           over the purchase of a single Franchise will be the increase in Initial Franchise Fee until you open
           the additional Cheba Hut Businesses. See Item 5 for more information. Once you open additional
           Cheba Hut Businesses, you will incur the costs listed in this Item 7 (except for the Initial Franchise
           Fee) at the time you open the additional Cheba Hut Businesses.

2.         Leasehold Improvements. This estimate does not include any construction allowances that
           may be offered by your landlord. This estimate includes setup expenses you will incur in
           building out your location, including all costs required to set up the equipment. Building and
           construction costs will vary depending upon the condition and size of the premises for your
           Restaurant and local construction costs.

3.         Furniture, Fixtures, Décor and Equipment. This estimate involves the furniture, fixtures, and
           equipment you will need to open a Cheba Hut Business, such as chairs, tables, casework,
           refrigerators, freezers, toasters, exhaust hood, décor and other items. Some of these expenses will
           depend on Cheba Hut Business size, shipping distances, supplier chosen and your credit history.
           You must purchase certain décor pieces from us and our affiliate, Cheba Hut IP.

4.         Point-of-Sale Systems and Other Equipment. This includes the cost of the computer hardware
           that will serve as your point-of-sale system as well installation from our approved supplier.



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                         13
[2025 FDD v1F]
5.         Pre-Opening Technology Fee. See Item 5 for more information this fee. The low estimate
           assumes you open within nine months and high estimate assumes you open within 24 months
           with extensions.

6.         Opening Team Expenses. If we determine that the Opening Team must include more than three
           representatives or that the Opening Team must be present at the Cheba Hut Business for more
           than 14 days, you will reimburse us for the travel expenses and the salaries and benefits
           attributable to the extra representatives and/or extra days. We estimate these additional expenses
           to be between $2,000 and $7,500.

7.         Training Expenses. We provide training at our training center in Fort Collins, Colorado or at
           another location designated by us. You must pay for airfare, meals, transportation costs, lodging
           and incidental expenses for all initial training program attendees. Initial training is provided at no
           charge for up to three people, one of which must be a principal owner; if additional initial training
           is required, or more people must be trained, an additional fee will be assessed. You are required
           to attend our two and a half day training “Culture Daze” training within 45 days of signing your
           Franchise Agreement. You must pay for airfare, meals, transportation costs, lodging and
           incidental expenses for all Culture Daze program attendees. If you do not attend the “Culture
           Daze” training, you will be in default of your Franchise Agreement, which could result in the
           termination of your Franchise Agreement.

8.         Architectural and Engineering Fees. This fee is paid directly to the approved supplier for floor
           plans, construction drawings and oversight and ensures the uniform fit, finish and function of the
           location.

9.         Non-preferred Architect Fee. See Item 5 for more information on this fee. It is only due if you
           choose not to use our preferred architect.

10.        Signs. This estimate is for a single exterior sign. These estimates assume you purchase your
           exterior signage. The type and size of the signage you install will be based upon the zoning and
           property use requirements and restrictions. There could be an occasion where certain signage is
           not permitted because of zoning or use restrictions.

11.        3-Months Lease Payments. Your actual rent payments may vary depending upon your location
           and your market’s retail lease rates. Restaurants will typically be 2,000 square feet to 2,600
           square feet square feet in size. Restaurants are typically located in free standing outlets, shopping
           malls and strip malls. If you purchase instead of lease the premises for your Restaurant, then the
           purchase price, down payment, interest rates, and other financing terms will determine your
           monthly mortgage payments.

12.        Miscellaneous. These fees include such items as security, utility and license deposits, feasibility
           studies, impact fees, insurance premiums for three months, and professional services such as
           attorneys and accountants. You should check with the local agency that issues building permits
           to determine what impact, connection, or other site development fees might be required for the
           specific site for your Cheba Hut Business.

13.        First Party. You must host a one-day grand opening celebration “First Party” at your Cheba Hut
           Business within 60 days of opening and spend a minimum of $2,500 on the First Party. We will
           provide advertising and promotional materials for the First Party.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      14
[2025 FDD v1F]
14.        Additional Funds. These amounts represent our estimate of the amount needed to cover your
           expenses for the initial three-month start-up phase of your Cheba Hut Business. They include
           payroll, uniforms, administration, janitorial, maintenance, utilities, and other items. These figures
           do not include standard pre-opening expenses, Royalties, or advertising fees payable under the
           Franchise Agreement or debt service, and assume that none of your expenses are offset by any
           sales generated during the start-up phase. Our estimates are based on our experience, the
           experience of our affiliates, and our current requirements for Cheba Hut Businesses.

15.        Liquor License Costs. These amounts are the estimated cost of obtaining a license or permit from
           a state agency to sell alcoholic beverages at your Cheba Hut Business, but not the price to
           purchase a liquor license from an existing licensee in states that permit that practice. In some
           cities/markets, it may be necessary to purchase a liquor license. In our experience to date, the
           cost to obtain a liquor license will vary substantially, depending on the city and state in which the
           Premises is located and the variety of liquor types being sold.

                                           ITEM 8
                      RESTRICTIONS ON SOURCES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

        You must operate your Cheba Hut Business according to our System and specifications. This
includes purchasing or leasing all goods, services, supplies, fixtures, equipment, inventory, computer
hardware and software, and real estate related to establishing and operating the Cheba Hut Franchise
under our specifications. You must not deviate from these methods, standards and specifications without
our prior written consent, or otherwise operate in any manner which reflects adversely on our Marks or
the System.

        Our confidential operations manual (“Brand Standards Manual”) states our standards,
specifications, and guidelines for all products and services we require you to obtain in establishing and
operating your Cheba Hut Franchise and approved vendors for these products and services. We will
notify you of new or modified standards, specifications, and guidelines through periodic amendments or
supplements to the Brand Standards Manual or through other written communication (including electronic
communication such as email or through a system-wide intranet).

       You must purchase, install, maintain in sufficient supply and use, only fixtures, furnishings,
equipment, signs and supplies that conform to the standards and specifications described in the Brand
Standards Manual or otherwise in writing.

        We utilize proprietary food products and recipes and may continue to develop and own
proprietary recipes. In order to protect their trade secrets and to monitor the manufacture, packaging,
processing and sale of proprietary food products, we or our affiliates may: (i) manufacture, supply and
sell proprietary food products to Cheba Hut franchisees; and/or (ii) disclose the formula for methods and
preparation of the proprietary food products to a limited number of suppliers, including one or more of
our affiliates, who we authorize to manufacture these proprietary food products to our precise
specifications and sell these products to Cheba Hut franchisees. You must purchase the proprietary
products we or our affiliates develop periodically for proprietary recipes or formulas, and purchase them
only from us or a third party who we have licensed to prepare and sell the products. All non-proprietary
ingredients, beverage products, cooking materials, containers, cartons, bags, menus, napkins, other paper
and plastic products, utensils, uniforms, and other supplies and materials used in your Cheba Hut
Business must strictly conform to our reasonable specifications and quality standards. Certain products
such as plates, cups, boxes and containers bearing the trademarks must be purchased by you from certain
suppliers approved by us who are authorized to manufacture these products bearing our trademarks.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      15
[2025 FDD v1F]
        We are currently the only approved supplier of the Cheba Hut WTF Board, online ordering board,
and select plaques and proprietary spices. We are also an approved supplier of the digital art library, an
online platform where we supply artwork for inside the Restaurants. Some of our officers own an equity
in CHF, an approved supplier. We, and our affiliates, reserve the right to become approved suppliers of
any proprietary food products and non-proprietary products.

         Our affiliate, Cheba Hut IP, is the only approved supplier of custom artwork and décor items you
must purchase for your Cheba Hut Business. Some of our officers own an interest in Cheba Hut IP. In its
last fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, Cheba Hut IP did not derive any income from the sale or lease
of products or services to franchisees.

       You must at all times maintain an inventory of approved food products, beverages, ingredients
and other products in sufficient quantities and variety to realize the full potential of your Cheba Hut
Business. You must use the menus and menu boards that we designate and serve meals and products in
the manner we designate.

        You must use the computer hardware and software, including the point-of-sale system that we
periodically designate to operate your Cheba Hut Franchise. We require you to pay us a separate
technology fee for use of our online systems, email, data sharing and software. You must obtain the
computer hardware, software licenses, maintenance and support services, and other related services that
meet our specifications from the suppliers we specify. You are required to use our approved real estate
and construction management supplier for the buildout of your Restaurant.

         You must obtain the insurance coverage required under the Franchise Agreement. We currently
require you to maintain the following insurance coverages: (1) commercial general liability insurance
with limits of at least $2 million per occurrence, at least $4 million aggregate, and at least $2 million per
person, with $5,000 per person medical benefits, and a maximum deductible of $2,500; (2) all risks
coverage insurance on all furniture, fixtures, equipment, inventory, supplies and other property used in the
operation of the Cheba Hut Restaurant (including flood and/or earthquake coverage where there are
known risks) for full replacement value; (3) workers compensation insurance consistent with applicable
law; and (4) data theft and cybersecurity. The insurance company must be authorized to do business in
the state where your Cheba Hut Business is located, and must be approved by us. It must also be rated
“A” or better by A.M. Best & Company, Inc. We may periodically increase the amounts of coverage
required under these insurance policies and/or require different or additional insurance coverage at any
time. All insurance policies must name us and any affiliates we designate as additional named insured
parties.

        We will provide you with a list of our designated and approved suppliers in our Brand Standards
Manual. If you want to use or sell a product or service that we have not yet evaluated, or if you want to
purchase or lease a product or service from a supplier or provider that we have not yet approved (for
services and products that require supplier approval), you must notify us and submit to us the information,
specifications and samples we request. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you within
45 days after receiving all requested information and materials whether you are authorized to purchase or
lease the product or service from that supplier or provider. We reserve the right to charge a fee to
evaluate the proposed product, service or supplier. We apply the following general criteria in approving a
proposed supplier: (1) ability to purchase the product in bulk; (2) quality of services; (3) production and
delivery capability; (4) proximity to Cheba Hut Franchises to ensure timely deliveries of the product or
services; (5) the dependability of the supplier; and (6) other factors. The supplier may also be required to
sign a supplier agreement with us. We may periodically re-inspect approved suppliers’ facilities and
products and we reserve the right to revoke our approval of any supplier, product or service that does not
continue to meet our specifications. We will send written notice of any revocation of an approved



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   16
[2025 FDD v1F]
supplier, product or service. We do not provide material benefits to you based solely on your use of
designated or approved sources.

       You will utilize the online ordering service provider designated by us for Cheba Hut Businesses.
You are currently required to use OLO as the designated online ordering service provider for your Cheba
Hut Business, at a current cost of $119 per month.

        We estimate that approximately 75% of purchases required to open your Cheba Hut Business and
90% of purchases required to operate your Cheba Hut Business will be from us or from other approved
suppliers or under our specifications. During our last fiscal year, ended December 31, 2024, we derived
$5,165.20 in revenue from required franchisee purchases in the form of sales from goods or services.
This represents 0.05% of our total revenue of $11,270,523.

         We and our affiliates may receive rebates from some suppliers based on your purchase of services
and products and we have no obligation to pass them on to our franchisees or use them in any particular
manner. We currently receive rebates from suppliers based on purchases made by us and our franchisees.
These payments range from a flat fee dollar amount per product or unit purchased by franchisees to
approximately 1% to approximately 2% of the purchase price of the products purchased from the
suppliers. We reserve the right to enter into arrangements with suppliers to receive rebates based on the
purchase of equipment or supplies that we resell to you. We negotiate purchase arrangements with
suppliers and distributors for the benefit of our franchisees. We currently do not have any purchasing or
distribution cooperatives. We may designate a certain supplier or approve a list of suppliers for goods,
services, supplies, fixtures and equipment periodically, in which case you must purchase the specified
item(s) from a designated or approved designee, supplier or affiliate.

                                                  ITEM 9
                                         FRANCHISEE’S OBLIGATIONS

        This table lists your principal obligations under the franchise and other agreements. It will
help you find more detailed information about your obligations in these agreements and in other
items of this disclosure document.

                                                                                                        Disclosure
                      Obligation                            Section in Franchise Agreement
                                                                                                      Document Item
a.         Site selection and acquisition/lease        Section 7                                    Item 11
b.         Pre-opening purchases/leases                Sections 7 and 12                            Items 7 and 8
c.         Site development and other pre-opening      Sections 7 and 12                            Items 7 and 11
           requirements
d.         Initial and ongoing training                Section 5                                    Item 11
e.         Opening                                     Section 7                                    Item 11
f.         Fees                                        Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 13, 15, 16   Items 5, 6 and 7
                                                       and 19
g.         Compliance with standards and               Sections 12 and 15                           Items 8, 11 and 14
           policies/Brand Standards Manual
h.         Trademarks and proprietary information      Section 17                                   Items 13 and 14
i.         Restrictions on products/services offered   Section 12                                   Items 8 and 16
j.         Warranty and customer service               Section 12                                   Item 16
           requirements
k.         Territorial development and sales quotas    Not applicable                               Item 12
l.         On-going product/service purchases          Section 12                                   Item 8




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        17
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                                                                  Disclosure
                       Obligation                         Section in Franchise Agreement
                                                                                                Document Item
m.         Maintenance, appearance, and remodeling    Sections 4, 12 and 19                   Item 11
           requirements
n.         Insurance                                  Section 15                              Items 7 and 8
o.         Advertising                                Section 11                              Items 6 and 11
p.         Indemnification                            Section 18                              Item 6
q.         Owner’s participation/management and       Section 8                               Items 11 and 15
           staffing
r.         Records and reports                        Sections 15 and 16                      Item 6
s.         Inspections and audits                     Section 16                              Items 6 and 11
t.         Transfer                                   Section 19                              Items 6 and 17
u.         Renewal                                    Section 4                               Item 17
v.         Post-termination obligations               Section 21                              Item 17
w.         Non-competition covenants                  Section 14                              Item 17
x.         Dispute resolution                         Section 22                              Item 17
y.         Guaranty                                   Section 10 and Attachment D             Item 15

                                                     ITEM 10
                                                   FINANCING

           We do not offer direct or indirect financing. We do not guarantee your note, lease or obligation.

                                   ITEM 11
     FRANCHISOR’S ASSISTANCE, ADVERTISING, COMPUTER SYSTEM AND TRAINING

           Except as listed below, CHF is not obligated to provide you with any assistance.

Pre-opening Obligations

        Before you open your Cheba Hut Business, we (or our designee) will provide the following
assistance and services to you:

           1.         Provide an initial training program (See Franchise Agreement - Section 5).

        2.      Loan you one copy of the Brand Standards Manual. The Brand Standards Manual
contains approximately 40 pages. The table of contents for the Brand Standards Manual is attached to
this Franchise Disclosure Document as Exhibit E (See Franchise Agreement – Section 12.2).

        3.        Provide you with an approved real estate and construction management supplier. As part
of your Initial Franchise Fee, we will identify real estate, assist with the negotiation of your letter of intent
and lease, and oversee the construction process, including weekly calls with you and the construction
team (See Franchise Agreement – Sections 7 and 13). Although we will consult with you on your site
and require your site be subject to our final authorization, you have the ultimate responsibility in
choosing, obtaining and developing the site for your Restaurant. We must approve the site before you
sign the Lease and you must obtain our approval of the site within 120 days of signing the Franchise
Agreement. We generally do not own the premises and lease it to you.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       18
[2025 FDD v1F]
         4.       In evaluating a proposed site, we consider such factors as general location and
neighborhood, traffic patterns, parking, size, layout and other physical characteristics. Before leasing or
purchasing the site for your Restaurant, you must submit to us, in the form we specify, a description of
the site, with other information and materials we may reasonably require. We will have 14 days after we
receive the information and materials to evaluate the proposed site. If we disapprove of the proposed site,
you must select another site, subject to our consent. You must purchase or lease the site for your
Restaurant within 180 days after signing the Franchise Agreement and open your Cheba Hut Business
within 18 months of the effective date. If you do not open your Cheba Hut Business within 18 months
after the effective date, then you will have the right to request, in writing, one or more 30-day extension
periods to open the Cheba Hut Business, not to exceed 180 days in total from the required opening date.
Your failure to purchase or lease a site for your Restaurant within this time frame is a material breach of
the Franchise Agreement which provides us with the right to terminate your Franchise Agreement and
retain your non-refundable Initial Franchise Fee. Our approval of a site only indicates that we believe that
the site falls within our minimum site selection criteria.

        5.     Once you have an approved site for your Restaurant, we will designate a territory (See
Franchise Agreement - Attachments B and B-1).

        6.      Review your lease agreement for the Restaurant to ensure that its terms contain our
required provisions and otherwise meet our minimum standards (See Franchise Agreement - Section 7).

        7.       We will provide a copy of our basic specifications for the design and layout of your
Restaurant. You are responsible for the costs of preparing architectural, engineering and construction
drawings and site plans, which you must submit to us for our review and approval before you begin
construction of your Restaurant. You are responsible for the costs of construction and remodeling (See
Franchise Agreement – Section 7). We do not assist you in conforming the premises to local ordinance
and building codes nor do we assist you in obtaining any required permits. We do not assist you in
remodeling or decorating your Cheba Hut Business. We do not deliver or assist with the installation of
any fixtures, furnishings, equipment, signs or other supplies.

       8.       Provide you with materials and consultation in connection with the grand opening
marketing for your Cheba Hut Business (See Franchise Agreement – Sections 7 and 11).

        9.      Provide you with written specifications for furniture, fixtures, equipment, signage,
inventory and supplies required for the operation of your Cheba Hut Business as well as a list of approved
suppliers. You are responsible for the costs and expense, to install all equipment, furniture, fixtures and
signage as specified in the Brands Standard Manual (See Franchise Agreement – Section 12).

      10.     Provide you with the custom spice rack and certain décor pieces (See Franchise
Agreement – Section 7).

        We do not provide the above services to renewal franchisees and may not provide all of the above
services to franchisees that purchase existing Cheba Hut Businesses.

           Schedule for Opening

        The typical length of time between signing the Franchise Agreement or the payment of any fees
and the opening of your Cheba Hut Business can vary from nine to 15 months. You must open your
Cheba Hut Business within 18 months from signing the Franchise Agreement unless you request and pay
for extensions as discussed in Item 5. Some factors, which may affect this timing, are your ability to
acquire a location through lease or purchase negotiations, your ability to secure any necessary financing,



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  19
[2025 FDD v1F]
your ability to comply with local zoning and other ordinances, your ability to obtain any necessary
permits and certifications, the timing of the delivery of equipment, tools and inventory, and the time to
convert, renovate or build out your Restaurant.

Continuing Obligations

        During the operation of your Cheba Hut Business, we (or our designee) will provide the
following assistance and services to you:

        1.      Inform you of mandatory specifications, standards and procedures for the operation of
your Franchise (See Franchise Agreement - Section 12).

        2.       Upon reasonable request, provide advice regarding your Cheba Hut Business’s operation
based on reports or inspections. Advice will be given during our regular business hours and via written
materials, electronic media, telephone or other methods in our discretion (See Franchise Agreement -
Section 6).

      3.      Provide you with advice and guidance on advertising and marketing (See Franchise
Agreement – Sections 6 and 11).

         4.      Provide refresher training courses and additional training or assistance that, in our
discretion, you need or request. You may be required to pay additional fees for this training or assistance
(See Franchise Agreement - Section 5).

       5.      Allow you to continue to use confidential materials, including the Brand Standards
Manual and the Marks (See Franchise Agreement - Sections 12.2 and 17).

        6.      Provide the names and addresses of newly approved and designated suppliers for the
products and services required by us to be used in your Cheba Hut Business (See Franchise Agreement –
Sections 12.2 and 12.5).

Optional Assistance

        During the term of the Franchise Agreement, we (or our designee) may, but are not required to,
provide the following assistance and services to you:

        1.      Modify, update or change the System, including the adoption and use of new or modified
trade names, trademarks, service marks or copyrighted materials, new products, new menu items, new
equipment or new techniques.

        2.      Make periodic visits to the Restaurant for the purpose of assisting in all aspects of the
operation and management of the Franchise, prepare written reports concerning these visits outlining any
suggested changes or improvements in the operation of the Franchise, and detailing any problems in the
operations which become evident as a result of any visit. If provided at your request, you may be
required to reimburse our expenses and pay our then-current training charges.

        3.      Maintain and administer a Brand Fund. We may dissolve the Brand Fund upon written
notice (See Franchise Agreement - Section 11).

        4.      Hold periodic national or regional conferences to discuss business and operational issues
affecting Cheba Hut franchisees.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  20
[2025 FDD v1F]
           5.         Furnish a sample Cheba Hut menu and modifications to the sample menu.

       6.       Reserve the right to establish minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-
area marketing programs and special price promotions as allowed by law.

Advertising

           First Party

        We will provide a First Party package which will include advertising and promotional materials
for your Cheba Hut Business (See Franchise Agreement - Section 11). You must host this First Party (a
one-day grand opening celebration) at your Cheba Hut Business within 60 days of opening and spend a
minimum of $2,500 on the First Party.

        Generally, the opening of your Cheba Hut Business will take place within 10 to 15 months after
you sign the Franchise Agreement. Factors which will affect your opening date include selecting the
location for your Restaurant, whether your Restaurant will be operated out of a converted premises or
newly constructed building, obtaining the required licenses, including the liquor licenses, the delivery of
your furniture, fixtures and equipment, acquiring inventory and supplies, obtaining financing (if
applicable), hiring and training your employees, and completing the training program. You must obtain
approval from us to open your Cheba Hut Business (See Franchise Agreement - Section 7).

           Grand Opening Marketing

        While you are not required to spend any money on grand opening marketing (other than the First
Party), we will match up to $3,000 for any money you spend on approved grand opening marketing,
advertising and promotion for your Cheba Hut Business during the period commencing 180 days prior to
the opening of your Cheba Hut Business.

             Brand Fund

         We have established a system-wide fund for marketing, developing and promoting the System,
the Marks, and Cheba Hut Franchises (“Brand Fund”). You must pay 2% of your Net Sales for the Brand
Fund (“Brand Fund Contribution”). We reserve the right to increase the Brand Fund Contribution to
4.20% upon 30 days’ written notice. Your contribution to the Brand Fund will be in addition to all other
advertising requirements set out in this Item 11. Each franchisee will be required to contribute to the
Brand Fund but certain franchisees may contribute on a different basis depending on when they signed
their Franchise Agreement. Cheba Hut Businesses owned by us will contribute to the Brand Fund on the
same basis as franchisees.

        The Brand Fund will be administered by us, or our affiliate or designees, at our discretion, and we
may use a professional advertising agency or media buyer to assist us. The Brand Fund will be in a
separate bank account, commercial account or savings account.

        We have complete discretion on how the Brand Fund will be utilized. We may use the Brand
Fund for local, regional or national marketing, advertising, sales promotion and promotional materials,
public and consumer relations, website development and search engine optimization, the development of
technology for the System and any other purpose to promote the Cheba Hut brand. We may use any
media for disseminating Brand Fund advertisements, including direct mail, print ads, the Internet, radio,
billboards, and television. We may prepare advertising materials in house or use national and/or regional
advertising agencies. We may reimburse ourselves, our authorized representatives or our affiliates from



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     21
[2025 FDD v1F]
the Brand Fund for administrative costs, independent audits, reasonable accounting, bookkeeping,
reporting and legal expenses, taxes and all other direct or indirect expenses associated with the programs
funded by the Brand Fund. We do not guarantee that advertising expenditures from the Brand Fund will
benefit you or any other franchisee directly, on a pro rata basis, or at all. We are not obligated to spend
any amount on advertising in the geographical area or territory where you are or will be located. We will
not use the Brand Fund contributions for advertising that is principally a solicitation for the sale of
Franchises, but we reserve the right to include a notation in any advertisement or website indicating
“Franchises Available” or similar phrasing.

         We assume no fiduciary duty to you or other direct or indirect liability or obligation to collect
amounts due to the Brand Fund or to maintain, direct or administer the Brand Fund. Any unused funds
that were collected in any calendar year will be applied to the following year’s funds, and we reserve the
right to contribute or loan additional funds to the Brand Fund on any terms we deem reasonable.

        The Brand Fund is not audited. Upon your written request, we will provide to you an annual
accounting for that shows how the Brand Fund proceeds have been spent for the previous year. During
our most recent fiscal year, ended December 31, 2024, the Brand Fund was spent as follows: 28%
Production, 44% Media Placement, and 28% Administrative costs.

           Local Advertising

         In addition to the Brand Fund Contributions, you must spend an average of 1% of your Net Sales
on local advertising each month (“Local Advertising Requirement”). If you fail to spend the Local
Advertising Requirement, you will be required to pay the difference to the Brand Fund. You agree, at
your sole cost and expense, to issue and offer such rebates, giveaways, and other promotions in
accordance with advertising programs established by us, and further agree to honor the rebates,
giveaways, and other promotions issued by other Cheba Hut franchisees under any such program, so long
as such compliance does not contravene any applicable law, rule, or regulation. You will not create or
issue any gift cards/certificates and will only sell gift cards/certificates that have been issued or sponsored
by us and which are accepted at all Restaurants, and you will not issue coupons or discounts of any type
except as approved by us or as permitted in the Brand Standards Manual. We require that you participate
in at least two system-wide celebrations per year, at your sole cost and expense, although we provide
some items at no cost to you for these celebrations. You will be required to follow the celebration
guidelines provided by us in the Brand Standards Manuals or otherwise in writing.

        You may be required to participate in any local or regional advertising cooperative for Cheba Hut
Franchises that are established. We do not currently have any advertising cooperatives but may create
local or regional advertising cooperatives in the future. The area of each local and regional advertising
cooperative will be defined by us, based on our assessment of the area. Franchisees in each cooperative
will contribute an amount to the cooperative for each Cheba Hut Franchise that the Franchisee owns that
exists within the cooperative’s area. Each Cheba Hut Franchise we own that exists within the
cooperative’s area, will contribute to the cooperative on the same basis as franchisees. Members of the
cooperative will be responsible for administering the cooperative, including determining the amount of
contributions from each member. We may require that each cooperative operate with written governing
documents, which will be available for your review, and prepare annual unaudited financial statements.
We reserve the right to form, change, dissolve or merge any advertising cooperative formed in the future.
If we elect to form such cooperatives, or if such cooperatives already exist near your territory, you will be
required to participate in compliance with the provisions of the Brand Standards Manual, which we may
periodically modify at our discretion.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    22
[2025 FDD v1F]
         You must order sales and marketing material from us or our designated suppliers. It is a material
breach of the Franchise Agreement to use other marketing material without obtaining our prior written
approval. If you desire to use your own advertising materials, including your own website, you must
obtain our prior approval, which may be granted or denied in our sole discretion. We will review your
request and we will respond in writing within 30 days from the date we receive all requested information.
Our failure to notify you in the specified time frame will be deemed a disapproval of your request. Use of
logos, Marks and other name identification materials must follow our approved standards. You may not
use our logos, Marks and other name identification materials on items to be sold or services to be
provided without our prior written approval. If you use unauthorized advertising materials, you must pay
a fee of $500 per occurrence to the Brand Fund.

           System Website

         We have established a website for Cheba Hut Businesses (“System Website”). We intend that
any franchisee website will be accessed only through our System Website. If you wish to advertise
online, you must follow our online policy which is contained in our Brand Standards Manual. Our online
policy may change as technology and the Internet changes. Under our online policy, we may retain the
sole right to market on the Internet, including all use of websites, domain names, advertising, and co-
branding arrangements. We may restrict your use of social media. We may not allow you to
independently market on the Internet, or use any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag, or search
technique with words or symbols similar to the Marks.

        As long as we maintain a System Website, we will have the right to use the Brand Fund’s assets
to develop, maintain and update the System Website. We may update and modify the System Website
periodically. You must promptly notify us whenever any information on your listing changes or is not
accurate. We have final approval rights of all information on the System Website. We may implement
and periodically modify System Standards relating to the System Website. We are only required to
reference your Cheba Hut Business on the System Website while you are in full compliance with your
Franchise Agreement and all System standards.

           Porky’s Clause

         Your Cheba Hut Business must participate in at least two system-wide celebrations per year. You
will be required to follow our celebration guidelines as set forth in our Brand Standards Manual.

           Advisory Council

        We currently do not have, but may form, an advisory council (“Council”) to advise us on
advertising policies. The Council would be governed by bylaws. Members of the Council would consist
of both franchisees and corporate representatives. Members of the Council would be selected by way of a
voting method specified in the Council’s bylaws. The Council would serve in an advisory capacity only.
We will have the power to form, change or dissolve the Council, in our sole discretion.

Computer System

         You are required to purchase a computer system that consists of the following hardware and
software: (a) POS 3-4 Terminals, a minimum of five printers, three cash drawers and 6 KDS screens and
(b) POS software: Toast (“Computer System”). You will pay a $350 to $600 monthly subscription fee to
our approved supplier for use of the software. We estimate the cost of purchasing the Computer System
will be between $5,000 and $8,000. We estimate the installation costs of the POS system will be between
$2,500 to $4,200. The Computer System will manage the daily workflow of the Cheba Hut Business,



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 23
[2025 FDD v1F]
coordinate the customer ordering experience, track inventory, food costs, labor and other information.
You must record all Net Sales on the Computer System. You must store all data and information in the
Computer System that we designate, and report data and information in the manner we specify. The
Computer System will generate reports on the Net Sales of your Cheba Hut Franchise. You must also
maintain a high-speed Internet connection at the Restaurant. In addition to offering and accepting Cheba
Hut gift cards and loyalty cards, you must accept all credit cards and debit cards that we determine. We
are not required to provide you with any ongoing maintenance, repairs, upgrades, updates or support for
the Computer System (See Franchise Agreement - Section 12). You must arrange for installation,
maintenance and support of the Computer System at your cost. There are no limitations in the Franchise
Agreement regarding the costs of such required support, maintenance repairs or upgrades relating to the
Computer System. The cost of maintaining, updating, or upgrading the Computer System or its
components will depend on your repair history, costs of computer maintenance services in your area, and
technological advances. We estimate the annual cost will range between $250 and $500, but this could
vary (as discussed above). We may revise our specifications for the Computer System periodically. You
must upgrade or replace your Computer System at such time as specifications are revised. There is no
limitation on the frequency and cost of this obligation.

         We (or our designee) have the right to independently access the electronic information and data
relating to your Franchise and to collect and use your electronic information and data in any manner,
including to promote the System and the sale of Franchises. This may include posting financial
information of each franchisee on an intranet website. There is no contractual limitation on our right to
access, receive or use information through our proprietary data management and intranet system. We
may access the electronic information and data from your Computer System remotely, in your Restaurant
or from other locations.

Training

           Initial Training

          You (or if you are an entity, your “Managing Operator”) and your “Designated Manager” (see
Item 15), if any, must complete the initial training to our satisfaction before you open your Cheba Hut
Business. We provide initial training at no cost for up to three people. You may not begin initial training
until you have the building permit for your Restaurant. You must pay $3,500 plus expenses for training
each additional person. Each attendee must complete the training program to our reasonable satisfaction,
as determined by the specific program instructors, before you are able to open the Cheba Hut Business.
Initial training classes are held in Fort Collins, Colorado or at another training location designated by us
and are held whenever necessary to train new franchisees. You will not receive any compensation or
reimbursement for services or expenses for participation in the initial training program. You are
responsible for all your expenses to attend any training program, including lodging, transportation, food
and similar expenses. We plan to provide the training listed in the table below.

                                          TRAINING PROGRAM

                                                  Hours of         Hours of
                      Subject                    Classroom        On-The-Job              Location
                                                  Training         Training

 Orientation and initial kitchen training            5                 10           Fort Collins, Colorado
 including overview of Restaurant operations,
 recipes and technical skills




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  24
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                       Hours of        Hours of
                        Subject                       Classroom       On-The-Job              Location
                                                       Training        Training

     Kitchen training, including technical skills,       5                 40          Fort Collins, Colorado
     kitchen positions and food preparation

     Front of the Restaurant, including food             5                 40          Fort Collins, Colorado
     presentation, service, and front positions and
     functions

     Management training, including management           10                40           Fort Collins, Colorado
     functions, purchasing and inventory, opening
     and closing and documentation and systems

     Financial management                                5                 20          Fort Collins, Colorado

     Review of training, Restaurant System, goal-        10                2           Fort Collins, Colorado
     setting and problem solving

     TOTAL                                               40               152


 Notes:

 1.         We reserve the right to vary the length and content of the initial training program based upon the
            experience and skill level of the individual attending the initial training program. We will use the
            Brand Standards Manual and our confidential “Master Grower Guide” as the primary instruction
            materials during the initial training program. The Master Grower Guide is our manual for
            management training.

2.          Thomas Morgan, our Manager of Learning, currently oversees the Learning Segment of the
            Operations Department. This oversight includes the creation, optimization and implementation of:
            New Store Openings (NSO), all in shop and digital training programs, administration of the LMS
            platform, Certified Trainer Program, and the GURU program. He is Cheba Hut home grown,
            starting off as a crew member in the shop and worked his way onto the HQ Trainer team at CHF.
            He has traveled across the country opening up 15 different locations for the Brand and has over
            10 years of experience in the restaurant industry.

 3.         All instruction will be taught by instructors who have a minimum of three years of training
            experience with us or with restaurant operations.




 {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      25
 [2025 FDD v1F]
           Culture Daze

         You are required to attend our “Culture Daze” training within 45 days of signing your Franchise
Agreement. This is a two and a half day training in Fort Collins, Colorado that focuses on the Restaurant
opening process, initial operations, and pre-open marketing requirements. You will also set up your
Intranet and email accounts. We estimate the travel cost for Culture Daze is between $2,000 and $3,000.

           Opening Team

        After your management staff has successfully completed the initial training program our Opening
Team will assist you with implementing the Cheba Hut System at your Restaurant and training your staff
and kitchen employees on the Cheba Hut brand standards. The Opening Team will assist you up to 16
days for your first Cheba Hut Business and up to 10 days for additional Cheba Hut Businesses (which
may not be consecutive). You may be required to pay a fee for the Opening Team’s assistance if we
determine that the Opening Team must include more than three Cheba Hut representatives and/or that the
Opening Team must be present at the Restaurant for more than 16 (or 10) days. We schedule our Opening
Team within 14 days of your receipt of your Certificate of Occupancy and completion of the Cheba Hut
green light checklist. The green light checklist consists of appropriate staffing levels, proof of Cheba Hut
required equipment and smallwares, and the required postings and state/municipality certifications.

           Ongoing Training

        Periodically, we may periodically require that you, Managing Operators, Designated Manager
and other employees attend system-wide refresher or additional training courses. Some of these courses
may be optional while others may be required. If you appoint a new Managing Operator or Designated
Manager, that person must attend and successfully complete our initial training program before assuming
responsibility for the management of your Cheba Hut Business. If any training program, including
remedial training, is conducted at your Restaurant, then you must pay us the then-current per day on-site
training fee, currently $250, and reimburse us for the expenses we incur in providing the training,
estimated to range between $100 and $5,000 per person. If we conduct an inspection of your Restaurant
and determine you are not operating in compliance with the Franchise Agreement, we may require that
you attend remedial training that addresses your operational deficiencies. In addition to participating in
ongoing training, you will be required to attend an annual meeting of all franchisees at a location we
designate and pay a convention fee, currently estimated to be $420 per person, if we hold an annual
meeting of all franchisees (See Item 6). You are responsible for all travel and expenses for your
attendees.

                                                ITEM 12
                                              TERRITORY

        You may operate the Cheba Hut Business only at the approved location. The approved location
for your Restaurant will be listed in the Franchise Agreement. If you have not identified an approved
location for the Restaurant when you sign the Franchise Agreement, as is typically the case, you and we
will agree on the approved location in writing and amend the Franchise Agreement after you select and
we approve the approved location. You are not guaranteed any specific approved location and you may
not be able to obtain your top choice as your approved location. You may not conduct your business
from any other location. You may not relocate the Restaurant without our prior written approval. We
may approve a request to relocate the Restaurant in accordance with the provisions of the Franchise
Agreement that provide for the relocation of the Restaurant, and our then-current site selection policies
and procedures. You will be required to pay a relocation fee as discussed in Item 6.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  26
[2025 FDD v1F]
       We will grant you a territory (“Territory”) for the operation of your Restaurant. The Territory is
determined based on the geographic area and populations properties within that area and other relevant
demographic characteristics and will typically be a two-mile radius around your Restaurant.

        Unless your Restaurant is located in a metropolitan area (areas in which the population during
any 24-hour period exceeds 50,000 persons per square mile) or if your Restaurant will be located in a
non-traditional location such as an airport, hotel, convention center, sports arena or stadium, college
campus, amusement park, within the premises of another business or a similar venue, you will receive an
exclusive Territory. This means that during the term of the Franchise Agreement, we will not establish or
franchise others to establish another Cheba Hut Business within your designated Territory. If your
Restaurant is located in a metropolitan area or in a non-traditional location and we do not grant you
exclusivity, you will not receive an exclusive Territory, and you may face competition from other
franchisees, from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that
we control.

         You are not prohibited from directly marketing to or soliciting customers or accepting orders
from those customers who are outside of your Territory. You may not engage in any promotional or
similar activities, whether directly or indirectly, through or on the internet or any similarly proprietary or
common carrier electronic delivery system. Except for sales methods designated by us, you may not sell
any Cheba Hut food products or services through any alternative channel of distribution, including the
Internet, catalog sales, telemarketing or other direct marketing. You may not sell any goods or services,
in connection with your Restaurant on a wholesale basis, at any location other than your Restaurant
except as pursuant to our policies and procedures which are contained in the Brand Standards Manual.
You must follow our off-site policies and procedures in our Brand Standards Manual, which may allow
you to provide catering and delivery services in the territories of other Cheba Hut Businesses without
compensating the operator of those restaurants. Under these policies, other Cheba Hut Businesses may
provide catering and delivery services in your Territory without compensating you. We may impose
restrictions in the future that prevent you from providing catering and delivery services outside of your
Territory.

      If you renew your Franchise, your Territory may be modified depending on the then-current
demographics of the Territory, and on our then-current standards for territories.

        We, and our affiliates, have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, Cheba Hut
Businesses at any location outside the Territory, even if doing so will or might affect your operation of
your Cheba Hut Business. We retain the right, for ourselves and our affiliates, on any terms we deem
advisable, not expressly granted to you. These include the right:

        1.       to own, franchise or operate Cheba Hut Businesses at any location outside of the
Territory, regardless of the proximity to your Restaurant;

         2.       to use the Marks and the System to sell any products or services, similar to those which
you will sell, through any alternate channels of distribution within or outside of the Territory. This
includes, but is not limited to, other channels of distribution such as television, catalog sales, wholesale to
unrelated retail outlets or over the Internet. We exclusively reserve the Internet as a channel of
distribution for us, and you may not independently market on the Internet or conduct e-commerce;

         3.      to offer and sell food products, including frozen products and proprietary food products,
under the Marks or any other marks, through grocery stores, convenience stores, hotel shops and kiosks,
theatres, malls, airports, gas stations, college campuses, sports venues or other retail locations within or




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    27
[2025 FDD v1F]
outside of the Territory, provided no franchised or company outlet will be physically located in the
Territory;

         4.      to use and license the use of other proprietary and non-proprietary marks or methods,
which are not the same as or confusingly similar to the Marks, whether in alternative channels of
distribution or in the operation of a business offering quick-service sandwich restaurants and related
products and services, at any location, including within the Territory, which may be similar to or different
from the Cheba Hut Business operated by you. Although we reserve the rights described, neither we nor
any affiliate, operates, franchises or has plans to operate or franchise a business under a different
trademark that sells or will sell goods or services similar to those offered by you or our other Franchises.

        5.      to purchase or be purchased by, or merge or combine with, any business, including a
business that competes directly with your Cheba Hut Business, wherever located;

        6.      to acquire and convert to the System operated by us, any businesses offering services and
products similar to what is offered by Cheba Hut Businesses, including such businesses operated by
competitors or otherwise operated independently or as part of, or in association with, any other system or
chain, whether franchised or corporately owned and whether located inside or outside of the Territory,
provided that in such situations the newly acquired businesses may not operate under the Marks in the
Territory;

        7.       to provide, and to allow other Cheba Hut Businesses that may compete directly with you
to provide, catering or delivery services inside and outside of your Territory; and

         8.     to implement multi-area marketing programs, which may allow us or others to solicit or
sell to customers anywhere. We also reserve the right to issue mandatory policies to coordinate such
multi-area marketing programs.

         We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above within your
Territory. The continuation of the Territory is not dependent upon your achievement of a certain sales
volume, market penetration or other contingency. We will not be required to pay compensation for
soliciting or accepting orders inside your Territory, including any delivery orders accepted or solicited by
other Cheba Hut franchisees.

         If you wish to purchase an additional Cheba Hut Franchise, you must apply to us, and we may, at
our discretion, offer an additional Cheba Hut Franchise to you. We consider a variety of factors when
determining whether to grant additional Cheba Hut Franchises. Among the factors we consider, in addition
to the then-current requirements for new Cheba Hut franchisees, are whether or not the franchisee is in
compliance with the requirements under their current Franchise Agreement.

        You do not receive the right to acquire additional Cheba Hut Franchises within the Territory
unless you purchase a Multi-3 Franchise. You are not given a right of first refusal on the sale of existing
Cheba Hut Franchises.

                                              ITEM 13
                                            TRADEMARKS

        The Marks and the System are owned by Cheba Hut IP and are licensed exclusively to us. The
Franchise Agreement and your payment of Royalties grant you the non-exclusive right and license to use
the System, which includes the use of the Proprietary Marks. Cheba Hut IP Holdings, Inc. has granted us



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  28
[2025 FDD v1F]
an exclusive license (“Trademark License”) to use the Marks to franchise the System around the world.
The Trademark License is perpetual and began on April 1, 2017. If the Trademark License is terminated,
Cheba Hut IP has agreed to license the Marks directly to our franchisees until each Franchise Agreement
expires or is otherwise terminated.

         Cheba Hut IP has registrations with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”)
for the following Marks:

                                            Registration
                  Registered Mark                             Registration Date          Register
                                             Number
                  CHEBA HUT®                 3,272,147          July 31, 2007            Principal
WHERE THE ONLY THING FRIED IS
                                             2,529,755        January 15, 2002           Principal
 AN OCCASIONAL CUSTOMER®
                      THE KIND®              2,651,400       November 19, 2002           Principal

                      PAKALOLO®              2,653,606       November 26, 2002           Principal

                       BLUNT®                2,685,472        February 11, 2003          Principal

                        NUG®                 2,685,473        February 11, 2003          Principal

                       PINNER®               2,685,474        February 11, 2003          Principal

               JAMAICAN RED®                 2,689,996        February 25, 2003          Principal

               WHITE WIDOW®                  5,443,297         April 10, 2018            Principal

                      KALI MIST®             5,452,107         April 24, 2018            Principal

                        AK-47®               5,452,108         April 24, 2018            Principal

                 STICKY ICKY®                5,533,429         August 7, 2018            Principal

                        KUSH®                5,533,430         August 7, 2018            Principal

                  THAI STICK®                5,568,599       September 25, 2018          Principal




                                             6,259,981        February 2, 2021           Principal




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 29
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                              Registration
                  Registered Mark                               Registration Date          Register
                                               Number




                                               6,513,182         October 5, 2021          Principal




                      HASH CAN                 6,027,628          April 7, 2020           Principal


                                               6,972,909         February 7, 2023         Principal


          SMOKE OUT INJUSTICE                  6,974,282         February 7, 2023         Principal

                      HUMBOLDT                 6,263,226         February 2, 2021       Supplemental

             LOADED NOT’CHOS                   6,317,571          April 6, 2021         Supplemental
MODERATION FOR THE DURATION                    7,141,085         August 15, 2023          Principal

                      SENSI KUSH               7,742,114          April 1, 2025           Principal


           Cheba Hut IP has applied to register the following Marks with the USPTO:

                       Trademark             Serial Number       Application Date          Status


                                                                                       Pending on the
                                               98,326,429       December 21, 2023
                                                                                      Principal Register


IT'S ALL ABOUT THE INTERACTION,                                                        Pending on the
                                               98,399,371        February 9, 2024
      NOT THE TRANSACTION                                                             Principal Register
                                                                                       Pending on the
          COTTON MOUTH CURES                   98,047,017         June 16, 2023
                                                                                      Principal Register
                                                                                       Pending on the
                CUP OF CULTURE                 98,902,187       December 13, 2024
                                                                                      Principal Register
                                                                                       Pending on the
              JAMES JONATHAN'S                 98,849,448       November 12, 2024
                                                                                      Principal Register

       Cheba Hut IP does not have a federal registration for the pending trademarks listed above.
Therefore, these trademarks do not have as many legal benefits and rights as a federally registered
trademark. If our right to use the trademark is challenged, you may have to change to an alternative
trademark, which may increase your expenses.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   30
[2025 FDD v1F]
        There are no effective adverse material determinations of the USPTO, the Trademark Trial and
Appeal Board or the trademark administrator of any state, or any court, and no pending infringement,
opposition or cancellation proceedings or material litigation involving the Marks. All required affidavits
and renewals have been filed.

         Except for the Trademark License, no agreement significantly limits our right to use or license the
Marks in any manner material to the Cheba Hut Business. We do not know of any superior prior rights or
infringing uses that could materially affect your use of the trademarks. You must follow our rules when
using the Marks. You cannot use our name or Mark as part of a corporate name or with modifying words,
designs or symbols unless you receive our prior written consent. You must indicate to the public in any
contract, advertisement and with a conspicuous sign in your Restaurant that you are an independently
owned and operated licensed franchisee of CHF. You may not use the Marks in the sale of unauthorized
services or products or in any manner we do not authorize. You may not use the Marks in any advertising
for the transfer, sale or other disposition of the Cheba Hut Business, or any interest in the franchise. All
rights and goodwill from the use of the Marks accrue to us. If it becomes advisable, at any time, for us
and/or you to modify or discontinue using any Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute
trademarks or service marks, you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after
receiving notice. We will not reimburse you for your direct expenses of changing signage, for any loss of
revenue or other indirect expenses due to any modified or discontinued Mark, or for your expenses of
promoting a modified or substituted trademark or service mark.

         We will defend you against any claim brought against you by a third party that your use of the
Marks, in accordance with the Franchise Agreement, infringes upon that party’s intellectual property
rights. We may require your assistance, but we will exclusively control any proceeding or litigation
relating to our Marks. We have no obligation to pursue any infringing users of our Marks or protect you
against unfair competition arising out of your use of the Marks. We are not required to indemnify you for
expenses or damages if you are a party and an administrative or judicial proceeding involving the Mark,
of if the proceeding is resolved unfavorably to you. If we learn of an infringing user, we will take the
action appropriate, but we are not required to take any action if we do not feel it is warranted. You must
notify us immediately if you learn that any party is using the Marks or a trademark that is confusingly
similar to the Marks. We have the sole discretion to take such action as we deem appropriate to
exclusively control any litigation or administrative proceeding involving a trademark licensed by us to
you.

         If it becomes advisable at any time, in our sole discretion, for us and/or you to modify or
discontinue using any Mark and/or use one or more additional or substitute trademarks or service marks,
you must comply with our directions within a reasonable time after receiving notice. We will not
reimburse you for your direct expenses of changing signage, for any loss of revenue or other indirect
expenses due to any modified or discontinued Mark, or for your expenses of promoting a modified or
substituted trademark or service mark.

         You must not directly or indirectly contest our right to the Marks. We may acquire, develop and
use additional marks not listed here, and may make those marks available for your use and for use by
other franchisees.

                                           ITEM 14
                      PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION

        The information in the Brand Standards Manual is proprietary and is protected by copyright and
other laws. The designs contained in the Marks, the layout of our advertising materials, the ingredients
and formula of our products and recipes, and any other writings and recordings in print or electronic form



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  31
[2025 FDD v1F]
are also protected by copyright and other laws. Although we have not applied for copyright registration
for the Brand Standards Manual, our advertising materials, the content and format of our products or any
other writings and recordings, we claim common law and federal copyrights in these items. We grant you
the right to use this proprietary and copyrighted information (“Copyrighted Works”) for your operation of
your Cheba Hut Franchise, but such copyrights remain our sole property.

         There are no effective determinations of the United States Copyright Office or any court
regarding any Copyrighted Works of ours, nor are there any proceedings pending, nor are there any
effective agreements between us and third parties pertaining to the Copyrighted Works that will or may
significantly limit using our Copyrighted Works.

        Our Brand Standards Manual, electronic information and communications, sales and promotional
materials, the development and use of our System, standards, specifications, policies, procedures,
information, concepts and systems on, knowledge of, and experience in the development, operation and
franchising of Cheba Hut Franchises, our training materials and techniques, information concerning
product and service sales, operating results, financial performance and other financial data of Cheba Hut
Franchises and other related materials are proprietary and confidential (“Confidential Information”) and
are our property to be used by you only as described in the Franchise Agreement and the Brand Standards
Manual. Where appropriate, certain information has also been identified as trade secrets (“Trade
Secrets”). You must maintain the confidentiality of our Confidential Information and Trade Secrets and
adopt reasonable procedures to prevent unauthorized disclosure of our Trade Secrets and Confidential
Information.

        We will disclose parts of the Confidential Information and Trade Secrets to you as we deem
necessary or advisable for you to develop your Cheba Hut Franchise during training and in guidance and
assistance furnished to you under the Franchise Agreement, and you may learn or obtain from us
additional Confidential Information and Trade Secrets during the term of the Franchise Agreement. The
Confidential Information and Trade Secrets are valuable assets of ours and are disclosed to you on the
condition that you, and your owners if you are a business entity, and employees agree to maintain the
information in confidence by entering into a confidentiality agreement we can enforce. Nothing in the
Franchise Agreement will be construed to prohibit you from using the Confidential Information or Trade
Secrets in the operation of other Cheba Hut Franchises during the term of the Franchise Agreement.

        You must notify us within three days after you learn about another’s use of language, a visual
image or a recording of any kind, that you perceive to be identical or substantially similar to one of our
Copyrighted Works or use of our Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, or if someone challenges
your use of our Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. We will take whatever
action we deem appropriate, in our sole and absolute discretion, to protect our rights in and to the
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets, which may include payment of
reasonable costs associated with the action. However, the Franchise Agreement does not require us to
take affirmative action in response to any apparent infringement of, or challenge to, your use of any
Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets or claim by any person of any rights in
any Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. You must not directly or indirectly
contest our rights to our Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets. You may not
communicate with anyone except us, our counsel or our designees regarding any infringement, challenge
or claim. We will take action as we deem appropriate regarding any infringement, challenge or claim,
and the sole right to control, exclusively, any litigation or other proceeding arising out of any
infringement, challenge or claim under any Copyrighted Works, Confidential Information or Trade
Secrets. You must sign any and all instruments and documents, give the assistance and do acts and things
that may, in the opinion of our counsel, be necessary to protect and maintain our interests in any litigation




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   32
[2025 FDD v1F]
or proceeding, or to protect and maintain our interests in the Copyrighted Works, Confidential
Information or Trade Secrets. No patents or patents pending are material to us at this time.

                                         ITEM 15
                         OBLIGATION TO PARTICIPATE IN THE ACTUAL
                           OPERATION OF THE FRANCHISE BUSINESS

        We recommend but do not require that you directly operate your Cheba Hut Business. An
experienced hospitality professional who has a minimum of three years of restaurant and bar management
experience must manage the day-to-day operation of the Cheba Hut Business (“Designated Manager”).
Each management staff member you employ must successfully complete our training program. If you are
not an individual, you must designate one of your owners as the “Managing Operator” acceptable to us
who will be principally responsible for communicating with us about the Cheba Hut Business. The
Managing Operator must have the authority and responsibility for the day-to-day operations of your
Cheba Hut Business. We do not currently require, but in the future we may require, that the Designated
Manager have an ownership interest in the legal entity of the Franchise owner. If you replace a Managing
Operator or Designated Manager, the new Managing Operator or Designated Manager must satisfactorily
complete our training program at your own expense.

         Any Designated Manager and, if you are an entity, an officer that does not own equity in the
franchisee entity, must sign the “System Protection Agreement,” the form of which is attached to this
Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G. All of your employees, independent contractors, agents or
representatives that may have access to our confidential information must sign a confidentiality
agreement (unless they already signed a System Protection Agreement), the current form of which is
attached to this Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G. If you are an entity, each direct and indirect
owner (i.e., each person holding a direct and indirect ownership interest in you), including your Managing
Operator, must sign an “Owners Agreement” guarantying the obligations of the entity, in the form of
which is attached to the Franchise Agreement as Attachment D. We also require that the spouses of each
direct and indirect owner sign the Owners Agreement.

                                         ITEM 16
                      RESTRICTIONS ON WHAT THE FRANCHISEE MAY SELL

         You must sell or offer for sale only those services and products authorized by us, and which meet
our standards and specifications. Authorized products may differ among our franchisees, and may vary
depending on the operating season and geographic location of your Restaurant or other factors. You must
follow our policies, procedures, methods and techniques. You must sell or offer for sale all types of
services and products specified by us. You may only sell merchandise that we have authorized as
specified in the Brand Standards Manual. You may not resell any merchandise that is provided to you in
any marketing package. We may change or add to our required services and products, at our discretion,
with prior notice to you. There are no limitations on our right to make changes to the required services
and products offered by you. If we change or add to our required services and products, the changes or
additions will remain in permanent effect, unless we specify otherwise. The amount you must pay for the
changes or additions will depend upon the nature and type of changes or additions. You must discontinue
selling and offering for sale any services or products that we disapprove. We reserve the right to establish
minimum and maximum resale prices for use with multi-area marketing programs and special price
promotions.

        You may not establish an account or participate in any social networking sites, crowdfunding
campaigns or blogs or mention or discuss the Cheba Hut Franchise, us or any of our affiliates, without our
prior written consent and as subject to our online policy. You must follow the policies and procedures in



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  33
[2025 FDD v1F]
our Brand Standards Manual if you would like to participate in any social networking sites or blogs or
mention or discuss the franchise, us or any of our affiliates. Our online policy may completely prohibit
you from any use of the Marks in social networking sites or other online use. You may not sell products
through other channels of distribution such as wholesale, Internet or mail order sales. Otherwise, we
place no restrictions upon your ability to serve customers provided you do so from the location of your
Restaurant in accordance with our policies.

                                        ITEM 17
                 RENEWAL, TERMINATION, TRANSFER AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION

                                     THE FRANCHISE RELATIONSHIP

       This table lists certain important provisions of the Franchise Agreement and related
agreements. You should read these provisions in the agreements attached to this Franchise
Disclosure Document.

                                              Section in
                      Provision                                                    Summary
                                         Franchise Agreement
 a. Length of the franchise term              Section 4         Ten years.
 b. Renewal or extension of the term          Section 4         If you are in good standing and you meet other
                                                                requirements, you may add one successor term
                                                                of ten years.
 c. Requirements for franchisee to           Section 4.2        We use the term “renewal” or “successor” to
    renew or extend                                             refer to extending our franchise relationship at
                                                                the end of your initial term and any other
                                                                renewal or extension of the initial term. Your
                                                                successor franchise rights permit you to remain
                                                                as a Franchise after the initial term of your
                                                                Franchise Agreement expires.         You must
                                                                provide timely notice, sign our then-current
                                                                Franchise Agreement for the successor term,
                                                                and this new franchise agreement may have
                                                                materially different terms and conditions
                                                                (including, e.g., higher royalty and advertising
                                                                contributions) from the Franchise Agreement
                                                                that covered your original term; sign a general
                                                                release; pay the renewal fee; remodel the
                                                                Restaurant to then-current standards; take any
                                                                additional steps we may require for renewal.

 d. Termination by franchisee                Section 20.1       You may terminate the Franchise Agreement if
                                                                you are in compliance with it, and we are in
                                                                material breach, and we fail to cure that breach
                                                                within 30 days of receiving written notice,
                                                                subject to applicable state law.
 e. Termination by franchisor without      Not Applicable       Not Applicable.
    “cause”
 f. Termination by franchisor with           Section 20.2       We can terminate upon certain violations of the
    “cause”                                                     Franchise Agreement by you.
 g. Curable defaults                      Sections 20.2, 20.3   You have 14 days to cure monetary defaults,
                                                                and 14 days to cure any other default of the
                                                                Franchise Agreement or any other agreement
                                                                with us not listed as an incurable default.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    34
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                 Section in
                      Provision                                                      Summary
                                            Franchise Agreement
 h. Non-curable defaults                        Section 20.2      Failure to complete initial training; failure to
                                                                  obtain site approval, lease, or open business;
                                                                  insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership; seizure of
                                                                  property or levy or foreclosure; abandonment
                                                                  of business for three or more days; revocation
                                                                  of license or permit; conviction of or plead of
                                                                  nolo      contendere    to    felony,   material
                                                                  administrative action, or failure to comply with
                                                                  material law or regulation; commission of act
                                                                  adversely affecting the reputation of the
                                                                  System; violation of health or safety laws or
                                                                  regulations;     material     misrepresentations;
                                                                  underreporting of revenues by 3% or more;
                                                                  unauthorized transfers; unauthorized use of
                                                                  confidential information or Marks; breach of
                                                                  restrictive covenants; default of lease;
                                                                  termination of other agreements between you
                                                                  and us due to your default.
 i.    Franchisee’s obligations on           Sections 14, 21.1    Obligations include complete de-identification,
       termination/non-renewal                                    payment of amounts due and return of
                                                                  confidential Brand Standards Manual, all
                                                                  Confidential Information, Trade Secrets and
                                                                  records; compliance with restrictive covenants.
 j. Assignment of contract by                   Section 19        No restriction on our right to assign.
    franchisor
 k. “Transfer” by franchisee – defined          Section 19        Includes any voluntary, involuntary, direct or
                                                                  indirect assignment, sale, gift, exchange, and
                                                                  grant of a security interest or change of
                                                                  ownership in the Franchise Agreement, the
                                                                  Franchise or interest in the Franchise.
 l.    Franchisor approval of transfer by      Section 19.2       We have the right to approve all transfers.
       franchisee




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      35
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                  Section in
                      Provision                                                       Summary
                                             Franchise Agreement
 m. Conditions for franchisor approval           Section 19.2      Provide timely notice and opportunity for us to
    of transfer                                                    exercise our right of first refusal; new owner
                                                                   meets our requirements for new franchisees and
                                                                   has sufficient business experience and financial
                                                                   resources to operate the Franchise; you are in
                                                                   compliance with the Franchise Agreement; you
                                                                   must pay all amounts due; new owner and
                                                                   employees must complete the initial training
                                                                   program; your landlord must consent to the
                                                                   transfer of the lease; new owner has acquired
                                                                   all required licenses and permits; you must pay
                                                                   transfer fee; you must sign a general release in
                                                                   favor of us; new owner must agree to bring the
                                                                   Restaurant up to current standards; new owner
                                                                   signs a new franchise agreement in the then-
                                                                   current form; you must sign a non-compete
                                                                   agreement not to engage in a competitive
                                                                   business for two years within ten miles of that
                                                                   Franchise or another Cheba Hut Franchise;
                                                                   subordinate      new     owner’s     obligations;
                                                                   reimburse us for actual costs of transfer,
                                                                   including legal fees, commissions, finders’ fees
                                                                   and similar charges; satisfy any other
                                                                   requirements for transfer.
 n. Franchisor’s right of first refusal to      Section 19.5       We have 30 days to match any offer for your
    acquire franchisee’s business                                  business.
 o. Franchisor’s option to purchase             Section 21.2       We may, but are not required to, purchase your
    franchisee’s business                                          Franchise, inventory or equipment at fair
                                                                   market value if your Franchise is terminated for
                                                                   any reason.
 p. Death or disability of franchisee           Section 19.4       The agreement must be transferred or assigned
                                                                   to a qualified party within 180 days of death or
                                                                   disability or the Franchise Agreement may be
                                                                   terminated. Your estate or legal representative
                                                                   must apply to us for the right to transfer to the
                                                                   next of kin within 120 calendar days of your
                                                                   death or disability.
 q. Non-competition covenants during            Section 14.3       You may not participate in a diverting business,
    the term of the Franchise                                      have no owning interest in, loan money to, or
                                                                   perform services for a competitive business
                                                                   anywhere. You may not interfere with our or
                                                                   our other franchisees’ Cheba Hut Franchises,
                                                                   subject to applicable state law.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       36
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                Section in
                      Provision                                                     Summary
                                           Franchise Agreement
 r.    Non-competition covenants after         Section 14.4      Owners may not have an interest in, own,
       the Franchise is terminated or                            manage, operate, finance, control or participate
       expires                                                   in any competitive business within: (i) a ten-
                                                                 mile radius from Franchisee’s Cheba Hut
                                                                 business (and including the premises of the
                                                                 approved location of Franchisee); and (ii) a ten-
                                                                 mile radius from all other Cheba Hut
                                                                 Businesses that are operating or under
                                                                 construction as of the beginning of the
                                                                 Restricted Period; provided, however, that if a
                                                                 court of competent jurisdiction determines that
                                                                 the foregoing Restricted Territory is too broad
                                                                 to be enforceable, then the “Restricted
                                                                 Territory” means the geographic area within a
                                                                 five-mile radius from Franchisee’s Cheba Hut
                                                                 business (and including the premises of the
                                                                 approved location of Franchisee)for two years,
                                                                 subject to applicable state law.
 s. Modification of agreement                 Section 24.8       No modifications of the Franchise Agreement
                                                                 during the term unless agreed to in writing, but
                                                                 the Brand Standards Manual is subject to
                                                                 change at any time in our discretion.
                                                                 Modifications are permitted on renewal.
 t.    Integration/merger clause               Section 25        Only the terms of the Franchise Agreement and
                                                                 other related written agreements are binding
                                                                 (subject to applicable state law).          Any
                                                                 representations or promises outside of this
                                                                 Franchise Disclosure Document and Franchise
                                                                 Agreement may not be enforceable.
 u. Dispute resolution by arbitration or       Section 22        Except for certain claims, all disputes must be
    mediation                                                    mediated and arbitrated in the principal city
                                                                 closest to our principal place of business
                                                                 (currently Fort Collins, Colorado), subject to
                                                                 applicable state law.
 v. Choice of forum                            Section 22        All disputes must be mediated, arbitrated, and
                                                                 if applicable, litigated in the principal city
                                                                 closest to our principal place of business
                                                                 (currently Fort Collins, Colorado), subject to
                                                                 applicable state law.
 w. Choice of law                              Section 25        Colorado law applies, subject to applicable
                                                                 state law.

        The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon your bankruptcy. These provisions may
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. Sec. 101, et seq.).

                                                ITEM 18
                                             PUBLIC FIGURES

           We do not use any public figure to promote our Franchise.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     37
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                             ITEM 19
                             FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE REPRESENTATIONS

        The FTC’s Franchise Rule permits a franchisor to disclose information about the actual or
potential financial performance of its franchised and/or franchisor-owned outlets, if there is a reasonable
basis for the information, and the information is included in the disclosure document. Financial
performance information that differs from that included in Item 19 may be given only if: (1) a franchisor
provides the actual records of an existing outlet you are considering buying; or (2) a franchisor
supplements the information provided in this Item 19, for example, by providing information about
performance at a particular location or under particular circumstances.

        As of December 31, 2024, there were 75 Cheba Hut Businesses, two affiliate-owned Cheba Hut
Businesses (“Affiliate Locations”) and 73 franchised Cheba Hut Businesses (“Franchised Locations”).
Franchised Locations will share many of the same characteristics as our Affiliate Locations, including
degree of competition, and products and services offered. Affiliate Locations also pay Royalty, Brand
Fund Contributions and Technology Fees, but they are not required to meet the Local Advertising
Requirement. This Item 19 provides historical financial information for the 2024 calendar year.

Table One

       Table One provides financial information of all Franchised Locations and Affiliate Locations.
Table 1A provides information for all 75 Cheba Hut Businesses . Table 1B provides information for the
Cheba Hut Businesses that were open at least 12 months as of December 31, 2024. Table 1C provides
information for the two Affiliate Locations. Table 1C provides information for all 75 of the Franchised
Locations. Table 1D provides information for the 59 Franchised Locations that were open at least 12
months as of December 31, 2024. Table 1E provides information on the two Affiliate Locations (both
were open for at least 12 months as of December 31, 2024.

Table 1A

                              All Locations (Franchised and Affiliate) – (75 Restaurants)
                  Average Net      Number/%       Median Net          Highest Net       Lowest Net
                      Sales        Attained or        Sales               Sales            Sales
                                    Exceeded
                  $1,973,348.24 39 (52.00%)      $1,980,560.93       $3,589,509.86       $54,761.49



Table 1B


                       All Locations -12+ Months (Franchised and Affiliate) – (59 Restaurants)
                  Average Net     Number/%        Median Net       Highest Net         Lowest Net
                      Sales       Attained or       Sales               Sales             Sales
                                   Exceeded
                  $2,273,261.77 30 (50.85%)     $2,289,868.55     $3,589,509.86        $739,799.49




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        38
[2025 FDD v1F]
Table 1C

                                      All Franchised Locations –(73 Restaurants)
                  Average Net     Number/%         Median Net        Highest Net       Lowest Net
                     Sales        Attained or         Sales             Sales            Sales
                                   Exceeded
                  $1,966,384.03   37 (50.68%)     $1,960,217.57     $3,589,509.86      $54,761.49



Table 1D

                                  Franchised Locations -12+ Months (57 Restaurants)
                  Average Net      Number/%        Median Net        Highest Net        Lowest Net
                     Sales         Attained or        Sales             Sales             Sales
                                    Exceeded
                 $2,274,718.24     29 (50.88%)    $2,289,868.55     $3,589,509.86      $739,799.49



Table 1E

                                       All Affiliate Locations – (2 Restaurants)
                  Average Net     Number/%         Median Net          Highest Net     Lowest Net
                     Sales        Attained or          Sales              Sales          Sales
                                   Exceeded

                  $2,231,024.17    1 (50.00%)     $231,024.17        $2,394,832.56    $2,067,215.78


        Table Two shows the financial data of the top 25% and bottom 25% of the Cheba Hut Businesses
open for at least 12 months as of December 31, 2024.

Table 2D

                                      Top 25% of Restaurants (15 Restaurants)
                      Net Sales   Number/%      Median Net         Highest Net         Lowest Net
                                  Attained or      Sales              Sales              Sales
                                   Exceeded

                  $3,349,031.08    7 (46.67%)    $3,318,782.53       $3,589,509.86    $3,053,193.80


Table 2E

                                    Bottom 25% of Restaurants (15 Restaurants)
                      Net Sales   Number/%     Median Net         Highest Net          Lowest Net
                                  Attained or      Sales             Sales               Sales
                                   Exceeded

                  $1,207,176.44    8 (53.33%)    $1,166,806.07       $1,586,719.76    $739,799.49




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        39
[2025 FDD v1F]
Notes:

1.         As used in this Item 19, “Net Sales” means gross sales less complimentary meals, discounts, and
           sales tax.

2.         The numbers in this Item 19 were gathered from the POS system and internal accounting records
           and are compiled on a cash basis.

3.         The financial performance representations in this Item 19 do not reflect the costs of sales,
           operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the Net Sales figures to
           obtain your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation of the costs
           and expenses you will incur in operating your franchised business. Franchisees or former
           franchisees, listed in the Disclosure Document, may be one source of this information.

        Written substantiation of the data used in preparing the financial performance representations
described above will be made available to you on reasonable request.

       Some Cheba Hut Businesses have sold this amount. Your individual results may differ.
There is no assurance that you’ll sell as much.

         Other than the preceding financial performance representation, Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. does
not make any financial performance representations. We also do not authorize our employees or
representatives to make any such representations either orally or in writing. If you are purchasing an
existing outlet, however, we may provide you with the actual records of that outlet. If you receive any
other financial performance information or projections of your future income, you should report it to the
franchisor’s management by contacting Scott Jennings, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado
80524, (970) 286-2953, the Federal Trade Commission and the appropriate state regulatory agencies.

                                                  ITEM 20
                                    OUTLETS AND FRANCHISEE INFORMATION

                                                         Table No. 1

                                                 System-wide Outlet Summary
                                                     For Years 2022-2024

                                                       Outlets at the      Outlets at the
      Outlet Type                      Year                                                  Net Change
                                                      Start of the Year   End of the Year
Franchised                             2022                   44                50                +6
                                       2023                  50                 58                +8
                                       2024                  58                 75               +17
*Company-Owned                         2022                  1                  1                 0
                                       2023                  1                  2                 +1
                                       2024                  2                  2                 +0
Total Outlets                          2022                  45                 51                +6
                                       2023                  51                 60                +9
                                       2024                  60                 77               +17
*These outlets were/are operated by affiliates




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                               40
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                     Table No. 2

                                         Transfers of Franchised Outlets
                                    to New Owners (other than the Franchisor)
                                             For Years 2022-2024

                 State                     Year                               Number of Transfers
Totals                                     2022                                         0
                                           2023                                         0
                                           2024                                         0

                                                     Table No. 3

                                           Status of Franchised Outlets
                                              For Years 2022-2024

                                Outlets                                                      Ceased
                                                                               Reacquired                 Outlets at
                                at Start   Outlets    Termina-       Non-                   Operations-
         State           Year                                                      by                      End of
                                 of the    Added        tions      Renewals                   Other
                                                                               Franchisor                 the Year
                                 Year                                                        Reasons
Arizona                  2022      7         0           0            0             0           0             7
                         2023      7         0           0            0             0           0             7
                         2024      7         1           0            0             0           0             8
Arkansas                 2022      1         0           0            0             0               0         1
                         2023      1         0           0            0             0               0         1
                         2024      1         1           0            0             0               0         2
California               2022      3         0           0            0             0               1         2
                         2023      2         1           0            0             0               0         3
                         2024      3         2           0            0             0               0         5
Colorado                 2022     15         0           0            0             0               0        15
                         2023     15         1           0            0             0               0        16
                         2024     16         3           0            0             0               1        18
Florida                  2022     2          0           0            0             0               0         2
                         2023     2          0           0            0             0               0         2
                         2024     2          0           0            0             0               0         2
Georgia                  2022      1         0           0            0             0               0         1
                         2023      1         1           0            0             0               0         2
                         2024      2         0           0            0             0               0         2
Illinois                 2022      2         0           0            0             0               0         2
                         2023      2         0           0            0             0               0         2
                         2024      2         0           0            0             0               0         2
Iowa                     2022      0         0           0            0             0               0         0
                         2023      0         0           0            0             0               0         0
                         2024      0         1           0            0             0               0         1




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       41
[2025 FDD v1F]
                             Outlets                                                  Ceased
                                                                        Reacquired                 Outlets at
                             at Start   Outlets   Termina-     Non-                  Operations-
        State         Year                                                  by                      End of
                              of the    Added       tions    Renewals                  Other
                                                                        Franchisor                 the Year
                              Year                                                    Reasons
Louisiana             2022      1         0          0          0           0            0             1
                      2023      1         0          0          0           0            0             1
                      2024      1         0          0          0           0            0             1
Nevada                2022      3         1          0          0           0            0             4
                      2023      4         0          0          0           0            0             4
                      2024      4         2          0          0           0            0             6
New Mexico            2022      2         1          0          0           0            0             3
                      2023      3         0          0          0           0            0             3
                      2024      3         0          0          0           0            0             3
Ohio                  2022      1         0          0          0           0            0             1
                      2023      1         0          0          0           0            1             0
                      2024      0         0          0          0           0            0             0
Oklahoma              2022      0         0          0          0           0            0             0
                      2023      0         0          0          0           0            0             0
                      2024      0         1          0          0           0            0             1
Oregon                2022      1         1          0          0           0            0             2
                      2023      2         0          0          0           0            0             2
                      2024      2         0          0          0           0            0             2
Tennessee             2022      0         0          0          0           0            0             0
                      2023     0          0          0          0           0            0             0
                      2024     0          1          0          0           0            0             1
Texas                 2022     3          3          0          0           0            0             6
                      2023     6          4          0          0           0            0            10
                      2024     10         4          0          0           0            0            14
Washington            2022     0          1          0          0           0            0             1
                      2023     1          1          0          0           0            0             2
                      2024     2          0          0          0           0            0             2
Wisconsin             2022     2          0          0          0           0            0             2
                      2023     2          1          0          0           0            0             3
                      2024     3          0          0          0           0            0             3
Total                 2022     44         7          0          0           0            1            50
                      2023     50         9          0          0           0            1            58
                      2024     58         16         0          0           0            1            73




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   42
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                      Table No. 4

                                          Status of Company-Owned Outlets
                                                 For Years 2022-2024

                                                              Outlets
                              Outlets at       Outlets      Reacquired       Outlets   Outlets Sold to Outlets at
        State         Year
                             Start of Year     Opened         From           Closed     Franchisee     End of Year
                                                            Franchisee
Arizona               2022        0               0             0               0            0             0
                      2023        0               1                 0           0            0             1
                      2024        1               0                 0           0            0             1
Colorado              2022        1               0                 0           0            0             1
                      2023        1               0                 0           0            0             1
                      2024        1               0                 0           0            0             1
Total Outlets         2022        1               0                 0           0            0             1
                      2023        1               1                 0           0            0             2
                      2024        2               0                 0           0            0             2

                                                      Table No. 5

                                              Projected Openings as of
                                                December 31, 2024

                                                                Projected New                 Projected New
                       Franchise Agreements Signed
          State                                              Franchised Outlets         Company-Owned Outlets
                          But Outlet Not Opened
                                                           in the Next Fiscal Year       in the Next Fiscal Year
Arizona                               2                                 3                          1
Georgia                               0                                 1                          0
Louisiana                             0                                 1                          0
Minnesota                             1                                 1                          0
Nevada                                1                                 1                          0
North Carolina                        1                                 1                          0
Texas                                 1                                 3                          0
Virginia                              0                                 1                          0
Wyoming                               0                                 1                          1
Total                                 6                                 14                         2


        The names, addresses and telephone numbers of our current franchisees are attached to this
Franchise Disclosure Document as Exhibit C. The name and last known address and telephone number of
every current franchisee and every franchisee who has had a Cheba Hut Franchise terminated, cancelled,
not renewed or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do business under our Franchise
Agreement during the one year period ending December 31, 2024, or who has not communicated with us
within ten weeks of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document, is listed in Exhibit C. In



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        43
[2025 FDD v1F]
some instances, current and former franchisees may sign provisions restricting their ability to speak
openly about their experiences with us. You may wish to speak with current and former franchisees, but
know that not all such franchisees can communicate with you. During the last three years, certain former
franchisees have signed confidentiality provisions that would restrict their ability to speak openly about
their experience with the Cheba Hut Franchise System. If you buy a Cheba Hut Franchise, your contact
information may be disclosed to other buyers when you leave the Franchise System.

           We endorse the following trademark-specific franchisee association:

           Toker Tank
           PO Box 12259
           Denver, CO 80212
           319-389-1563
           david.timmons@chebahut.com

        As of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure Document, other than Toker Tank, there are
no other franchise organizations sponsored or endorsed by us and no independent franchisee
organizations have asked to be included in this Franchise Disclosure Document. We do not have any
trademark specific franchisee organizations.

                                              ITEM 21
                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        Exhibit B contains the audited financial statements required to be included with this Franchise
Disclosure Document: December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. Our fiscal year
end is December 31.

                                                 ITEM 22
                                               CONTRACTS

                      Exhibit A       Franchise Agreement
                      Exhibit F       State Addenda and Agreement Riders
                      Exhibit G       Contracts for use with the Cheba Hut Franchise
                      Exhibit H       Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire


                                                 ITEM 23
                                                 RECEIPT

        The last pages of this Franchise Disclosure Document, Exhibit J, are a detachable document, in
duplicate. Please detach, sign, date and return one copy of the Receipt to us, acknowledging you received
this Franchise Disclosure Document. Please keep the second copy for your records.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   44
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                   EXHIBIT A




                             CHEBA HUT
                        FRANCHISE AGREEMENT




                    Franchise #:

                    Franchisee:

                    Date:

                    Location:




{00184644.DOCX. }
[2025 FA v1F]
                                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS


Section                                                                                                                                         Page

1.             DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................................. 1
2.             GRANT OF FRANCHISE ................................................................................................. 1
3.             TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS ................................................................. 1
4.             TERM AND RENEWAL................................................................................................... 3
5.             TRAINING AND CONFERENCES ................................................................................... 4
6.             OTHER FRANCHISOR ASSISTANCE. ............................................................................ 5
7.             ESTABLISHING YOUR CHEBA HUT RESTAURANT .................................................... 6
8.             MANAGEMENT AND STAFFING ................................................................................... 8
9.             FRANCHISEE AS ENTITY .............................................................................................. 9
10.            OWNERS AGREEMENT.................................................................................................. 9
11.            ADVERTISING & MARKETING ................................................................................... 10
12.            BRAND STANDARDS ................................................................................................... 12
13.            FEES .............................................................................................................................. 17
14.            BRAND PROTECTION COVENANTS ........................................................................... 18
15.            YOUR OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES .............................................................................. 20
16.            INSPECTION AND AUDIT ............................................................................................ 23
17.            INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ....................................................................................... 23
18.            INDEMNITY ............................................................................................................................ 24
19.            TRANSFERS .................................................................................................................. 25
20.            TERMINATION ............................................................................................................. 27
21.            POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS......................................................................................... 30
22.            DISPUTE RESOLUTION ............................................................................................... 32
23.            SECURITY INTEREST ............................................................................................................ 35
24.            YOUR REPRESENTATIONS ......................................................................................... 37
25.            GENERAL PROVISIONS ............................................................................................... 37


ATTACHMENTS:

Attachment A             Definitions
Attachment B             Franchise Data Sheet
Attachment C             Statement of Ownership
Attachment D             Owners Agreement




{00184644.DOCX. }                                                              A-i
[2025 FA v1F]
                                                 CHEBA HUT

                                        FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

          THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT (“Franchise Agreement”) is made, entered into and effective
as of the “Effective Date” set forth in Attachment B to this Franchise Agreement, by and between Cheba
Hut Franchising, Inc., an Arizona corporation (“we,” “us,” and “our”), and the franchisee set forth in
Attachment B to this Franchise Agreement (“you,” “your,” and “Franchisee”). If more than one person or
entity is listed as the Franchisee, each such person or entity shall be jointly and severally liable for all rights,
duties, restrictions and obligations under this Franchise Agreement.

        This Franchise Agreement has been written in an informal style in order to make it more easily
readable and to be sure that you become completely familiar with all of the important rights and obligations
the Franchise Agreement covers before you sign it.

         This Franchise Agreement includes several attachments, each of which are legally binding and are
a part of the complete Franchise Agreement, including an “Owners Agreement” which is attached to this
Franchise Agreement as Attachment D (“Owners Agreement”). Certain provisions in this Franchise
Agreement will also apply to your owners (“Owners”) and their spouses. Each Owner and each Owner’s
spouse is required to sign the Owners Agreement.

         It is your responsibility to read through the entire Franchise Agreement. The Franchise Agreement
creates legal obligations that you must follow. We recommend that you consult with a legal professional
to ensure that you understand these obligations. If you have any questions or you do not understand a
certain provision or section, please review it with your legal, business and financial advisor before you sign
the Franchise Agreement.

        1.      DEFINITIONS. This Franchise Agreement has defined terms. A defined term is a
shorthand reference within a document that refers to another name or idea in the document. Defined terms
are underlined and surrounded by double quotes with capitalized first letters and may be contained in
parentheses. Defined terms are located either in Attachment A of this Franchise Agreement or underlined
throughout the document between quotation marks.

         2.     GRANT OF FRANCHISE. We hereby grant you a license to own and operate a Cheba
Hut franchised business (“Cheba Hut Business”) using our Intellectual Property from a single location that
we approve (“Cheba Hut Restaurant”). As a Cheba Hut Franchisee, you will operate a Cheba Hut
Restaurant providing quick-serve sandwiches featuring toasted submarine sandwiches, original sauces,
salads, soups, chips, brownies, and other high-quality food and beverage items in a fun, casual and
distinctive atmosphere within any geographic area. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you.

         3.       TERRITORIAL RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS. We will grant you an exclusive
territory consisting of the geographic area identified in Attachment B (“Territory”). By exclusive, we mean
that we will not operate, or grant a Franchise or license to a third party to operate, a Cheba Hut Business
that is physically located within your Territory, except as otherwise provided in this Section with respect
to non-traditional locations or locations in a metropolitan area (an area in which the population during any
24-hour period exceeds 50,000 persons per square mile). We reserve the right to operate or to sell or grant
Franchises or licenses to operate Cheba Hut Businesses within your Territory if it is located in: (1) a
metropolitan area or (2) a non-traditional location such as (but not limited to) an airport, hotel, convention
center, sports arena, big-box retailer, or stadium, college or university campus, outlet mall, hospital, military
or government facility, shopping mall food court, grocery store, amusement park, any site where the owner
or operator limits services to a master concessionaire or contract food provider, or within the premises of



{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-1
[2025 FA v1F]
another business. We, and our affiliates, have the right to operate, and to license others to operate, Cheba
Hut Businesses at any location outside the Territory, even if doing so will or might affect your operation of
your Cheba Hut Business. We retain the right, for ourselves and our affiliates, on any terms we deem
advisable all rights not expressly granted to you. These include the right:

                   (i)     to own, franchise or operate Cheba Hut Businesses at any location outside of the
           Territory, and on terms and conditions we deem appropriate, regardless of the proximity to your
           Cheba Hut Restaurant and even if doing so will or may affect the operation of your Cheba Hut
           Business;

                   (ii)     to use the Marks and the System to sell any products or services similar to those
           which you will sell through any alternate channels of distribution within or outside of the Territory.
           This includes, but is not limited to, other channels of distribution such as television, catalog sales,
           wholesale to unrelated retail outlets or over the Internet. We exclusively reserve the Internet as a
           channel of distribution for us, and you may not conduct e-commerce unless we authorize you to do
           so (which we may revoke in our sole discretion at any time) and subject to our policies and
           procedures as contained in the Brand Standards Manual;

                    (iii)    to offer and sell food products, including frozen products and proprietary food
           products, under the Marks or any other trademarks, through grocery stores, convenience stores,
           hotel shops and kiosks, theatres, malls, airports, gas stations, college campuses, sports venues or
           other retail locations within or outside of the Territory;

                   (iv)     to use and license the use of other proprietary and non-proprietary trademarks or
           methods, which are not the same as or confusingly similar to the Marks, whether in alternative
           channels of distribution or in the operation of a business offering quick-service sandwich
           restaurants and related products and services, at any location, including within the Territory, which
           may be similar to or different from the Cheba Hut Business operated by you;

                    (v)     to engage in any transaction, including to purchase or be purchased by, to merge
           or combine with, to convert to the System or be converted into a new system with any business
           whether franchised or corporately owned, and including businesses offering services and products
           similar to what is offered by Cheba Hut Businesses or that directly compete with your Cheba Hut
           Business whether located inside or outside of the Territory, provided that in such situations the
           newly acquired businesses may not operate under the Marks in your Territory;

                   (vi)  to provide, and to allow other Cheba Hut Businesses that may compete directly
           with your Cheba Hut Business to provide, catering and delivery services inside and outside your
           Territory;

                    (vii)    to implement multi-area marketing programs, which may allow us or others to
           solicit or sell to customers anywhere. We also reserve the right to issue mandatory policies to
           coordinate such multi-area marketing programs; and

                 (viii) to engage in any other business activities not expressly prohibited by this Franchise
           Agreement, both within and outside your Territory.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-2
[2025 FA v1F]
        We are not required to pay you if we exercise any of the rights specified above within your
Territory. We do not pay compensation for soliciting or accepting orders inside your Territory, including
orders accepted or solicited by other Cheba Hut franchisees. You agree that you may face competition
from us, from other franchisees and from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we
control within the Territory.

           4.       TERM AND RENEWAL.

                 4.1.    Generally. The term of this Franchise Agreement will begin on the Effective Date
and continue for ten years (“Term”). If this Franchise Agreement is the initial franchise agreement for your
Cheba Hut Business, you may enter into a maximum of one successor franchise agreement (a “Successor
Agreement”) as long as you meet the conditions for renewal specified below. The Successor Agreement
shall be the current form of franchise agreement that we use in granting Cheba Hut Businesses as of the
expiration of the Term. The terms and conditions of the Successor Agreement may vary materially and
substantially from the terms and conditions of this Franchise Agreement. The renewal term will be ten
years. If you are signing this franchise agreement as a Successor Agreement, the references to “Term” shall
mean the applicable renewal term of the Successor Agreement. Except as provided in Section 4.3 below,
you will have no further right to operate your Cheba Hut Business following the expiration of the renewal
term unless we grant you another Franchise in our sole discretion. If you are renewing an initial franchise
agreement with us under this Franchise Agreement, the renewal provisions in your original franchise
agreement will dictate the length of the Term of this Franchise Agreement, as well as your remaining
renewal rights, if any.
                 4.2.     Renewal Requirements. In order to enter into a Successor Agreement, you and
the Owners (as applicable) must: (i) notify us in writing of your desire to enter into a Successor Agreement
not less than 60 days nor more than 180 days before the expiration of the Term; (ii) not be in default under
this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or any affiliate of ours at the time you send the
renewal notice or the time you sign the Successor Agreement; (iii) sign the Successor Agreement and all
ancillary documents that we require franchisees to sign; (iv) sign a General Release of all known and
unknown claims against us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective members,
officers, directors, agents and employees, in both their corporate and individual capacities; (v) pay us a
renewal fee equal to fifty percent (50%) of our then-current initial franchise fee (or if we are not then
offering franchises for sale, 50% of the initial franchise fee listed in the most recent Franchise Disclosure
Document ); (vi) at least 60 days but not more than 180 days before the expiration of the Term you must
upgrade and remodel your Cheba Hut Restaurant in accordance with Section 12.9 to comply with our then-
current standards and specifications; (vii) have the right under your lease to maintain possession of the
premises where your Cheba Hut Restaurant is located for the duration of the renewal term; and (viii) take
any additional actions that we reasonably require.

                 4.3.     Interim Term. If you do not sign a Successor Agreement after the expiration of
the Term and you continue to accept the benefits of this Franchise Agreement, then at our option, this
Franchise Agreement may be treated either as: (i) expired as of the date of the expiration with you then
operating without a franchise to do so and in violation of our rights; or (ii) continued on a month-to-month
basis (“Interim Term”) until either party provides the other party with 30 days’ prior written notice of the
party’s intention to terminate the Interim Term. In the latter case, all of your rights and obligations will
remain in full force and effect during the Interim Term as if this Franchise Agreement had not expired,
(except your right to enter into any Successor Franchise Agreement(s), which will be null and void) and all
obligations and restrictions imposed on you upon the expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement
will be deemed to take effect upon the termination of the Interim Term. Except as otherwise permitted by
this Section 4, you have no right to continue to operate your Cheba Hut Business following the expiration
of the Term.



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-3
[2025 FA v1F]
           5.       TRAINING AND CONFERENCES

                  5.1.      Initial Training Fees. We will provide our initial training program at no
additional charge for up to three people, provided that all persons attend the initial training program
simultaneously. You (or if you are an entity, your Managing Operator) and your Designated Manager, if
any, must attend and successfully complete our initial training program to our satisfaction 60 days prior to
the date that your Cheba Hut Business is scheduled to open. We reserve the right to vary the length and
content of the initial training program as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion based on the experience
of the attendee. We shall determine the scheduling, exact duration, contents and manner of the initial
training program in our discretion and may delay your attendance until a suitable time near the grand
opening date for your Cheba Hut Business at our discretion. You must pay us our then-current training fee
(as specified in our Brand Standards Manual) for: (i) each additional person that attends the initial training
program; or (ii) any person must retake the initial training program after failing to successfully complete
the initial training program prior to opening. If you hire a new Designated Manager or appoint a new
Managing Operator, the new Designated Manager or Managing Operator, as applicable, must attend and
successfully complete our then-current initial training program. You will also be required to pay us our
then-current fee for the initial training person if any person is required to attend after your Cheba Hut
Business opens for business (such as a new Managing Operator or Designated Manager). Additionally,
you must attend Culture Daze, a two-and-a-half-day training session, in Fort Collins, Colorado, within 45
days of signing this Franchise Agreement and prior to opening your Cheba Hut Business.

                  5.2.    Opening Team. After your management staff has successfully completed the
initial training program, we will arrange for an “Opening Team” to assist you with opening your Cheba Hut
Business. The Opening Team will assist you with implementing the System at your Cheba Hut Restaurant
and training your staff and kitchen employees on the Cheba Hut brand standards. We schedule our Opening
Team within ten days of your receipt of your certificate of occupancy and completion of the Cheba Hut
green light checklist (the “Green Light Checklist”). The Green Light Checklist consists of appropriate
staffing levels, proof of Cheba Hut required equipment and smallwares, and the required postings and
state/municipality certifications. The Opening Team will assist you for a minimum of 16 days (which may
not be consecutive) for your first Cheba Hut Restaurant and a minimum of 10 days for additional Cheba
Hut Restaurants. If we determine that the Opening Team must include more than three Cheba Hut
representatives and/or if we determine that the Opening Team must be present at the Cheba Hut Restaurant
for more than 16 days (or 10 days for additional Cheba Hut Restaurants), you must reimburse us for our
expenses attributable the extra representatives and/or extra days which amounts are not refundable under
any circumstances.

                  5.3.    Periodic Training. We may offer periodic refresher or additional training courses
for you (or if you are an Entity, your Managing Operator), your Designated Manager or other management
personnel. Attendance at these training programs may be optional or mandatory. You may be required to
pay a fee for this training as specified in our Brand Standards Manual.

                 5.4.     Additional Training upon Request. Upon your written request, we may provide
additional assistance or training to you at a mutually convenient time. We may charge you our then-current
fee for such assistance or training.

               5.5.     Remedial Training. If we conduct an inspection of your Cheba Hut Restaurant
and determine that you are not operating your Cheba Hut Restaurant in compliance with this Franchise
Agreement and/or the Brand Standards Manual, we may, at our option, require that you (or if you are an
Entity, your Managing Operator), your Designated Manager (if applicable) or other management personnel
attend remedial training that is relevant to your operational deficiencies. If the training program is




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-4
[2025 FA v1F]
conducted at your Cheba Hut Restaurant, then you must pay us the then-current per day or per person on-
site training fee and reimburse us for the expenses we or our representatives incur in providing the training.

                5.6.     Conferences. We may hold periodic national or regional conferences to discuss
various business issues and operational and general business concerns affecting Cheba Hut franchisees.
Attendance at these conferences may be mandatory or optional. You are responsible for paying our then-
current conference registration fee, whether or not you attend the conference in any given year.

                  5.7.    Conference and Training Costs. You are solely responsible for all expenses and
costs that you (or if you are an Entity, your Managing Operator), Designated Manager (if any) and each of
your trainees incur for all trainings and conferences under this Section 5, including but not limited to our
initial training program, Culture Daze, additional and remedial training. The expenses and costs you are
responsible for include all wages, travel, lodging and living expenses. Except for the assistance provided
by our Opening Team under Section 5.2, you also agree to reimburse us for all expenses and costs that we
incur to travel to your Cheba Hut Restaurant under this Section 5 including transportation, food, lodging
and travel expenses. All training fees and expense reimbursements must be paid to us within ten days after
invoicing.

           6.       OTHER FRANCHISOR ASSISTANCE.

                 6.1.    Brand Standards Manual. During the Term we will provide you with access to
a copy of our current brand standards manual for the Term of this Franchise Agreement, and we will later
provide you with all periodic modifications thereto and any other manual we may develop specifying the
System standards (collectively, the “Brand Standards Manual”). If the copy of the Brand Standards Manual
loaned to you is lost, stolen or destroyed before you return it to us, you must pay us our then-current
replacement fee. We reserve the right to provide the Brand Standards Manual electronically, such as by an
intranet or password-protected website. You acknowledge that your compliance with the Brand Standards
Manual is vitally important to us and other System franchisees and is necessary to protect our reputation
and the goodwill of the Marks and to maintain the uniform quality of operation throughout the System. The
Brand Standards Manual is designed to protect our reputation and the goodwill of the Marks. It is not
designed to control the day-to-day operation of the Cheba Hut Business.

                 6.2.     Site Selection. If you request assistance, we will provide you with advice in
identifying a suitable location for the Cheba Hut Restaurant as further described in Section 7.1.

                6.3.     General Guidance. Based upon our periodic inspections of your Cheba Hut
Restaurant or reports that you submit to us, we will provide our guidance and recommendations on ways to
improve the marketing and/or operation of your Cheba Hut Business.

               6.4.     Marketing Assistance. As further described in Section 11, we will provide you
with other marketing assistance during the Term.

                6.5.     Website. We will maintain a website for Cheba Hut franchisees that will include
the information about your Cheba Hut Business that we deem appropriate. We may modify the content of
and/or discontinue the Website at any time in our sole discretion. Throughout the Term, we will also
provide you with your own local webpage that will be linked to or a part of our main website. We must
approve all content on your webpage. We will own the website (including your webpage) and domain name
at all times. We are only required to include information for your Cheba Hut Business on our Website
while you are in full compliance with this Franchise Agreement and all System standards.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-5
[2025 FA v1F]
                 6.6.     Supplier Agreements. We may, but need not, negotiate agreements with
suppliers to obtain discounted prices for us and our franchisees. If we succeed in negotiating an agreement,
we will arrange for you to be able to purchase the products directly from the supplier at the discounted
prices that we negotiate (subject to any rebates the supplier pays to us). We may also purchase certain items
from suppliers in bulk and resell them to you at our cost, plus shipping fees and a reasonable markup in our
sole discretion.

                 6.7.    Proprietary Products. We may, but need not, create Cheba Hut proprietary
products for sale at your Cheba Hut Business. If we develop any of these products, you agree to maintain
a reasonable inventory of these items at your Cheba Hut Restaurant at all times.

                 6.8.   Notice. If you believe that we or our affiliates have failed to adequately provide
any assistance or services to you as provided in this Franchise Agreement, you will notify us in writing
within 30 days following ours or our affiliates’ provision of such services. Without the timely provision of
such notice to us, you will be deemed to conclusively acknowledge that all such assistance or services
required to be provided by us or our affiliates were sufficient and satisfactory in your judgment.

           7.       ESTABLISHING YOUR CHEBA HUT RESTAURANT

                  7.1.    Site Selection. The Cheba Hut Restaurant must be located within the Territory
identified in Attachment B-1 and must conform to our minimum selection criteria. We must accept in
writing the site selected by you before you can proceed. You must use our approved vendor to advise and
counsel you on-site selection for the Cheba Hut Restaurant. In addition, we recommend that you retain (a)
an experienced commercial real estate broker or salesperson who has at least five years’ experience in
locating restaurant sites to advise and counsel you on price, economics, viability, location, and acquisition
or lease of the site for the Cheba Hut Restaurant and (b) an experienced attorney to provide advice and
counsel you on your business and the terms, conditions and economics of the legal and other documents
required to lease or purchase the site. You agree to locate and obtain our approval of the premises from
which you will operate your Cheba Hut Business within 120 days after the Effective Date. You must send
us a complete site report (containing the demographic, commercial and other information, photographs, and
video tapes that we may reasonably require) for your proposed site. We may require that you obtain a
feasibility study at your expense for the proposed site at your sole cost. You must purchase or lease the site
for your Cheba Hut Restaurant within 180 days after the Effective Date. We must approve of the site for
the Cheba Hut Restaurant before you enter into a lease or a purchase contract. We have the right to accept
or reject all proposed sites in our commercially reasonable judgment. We will use our best efforts to
approve or disapprove a proposed site within 14 days after we receive all of the requisite materials. Your
site is deemed disapproved if we fail to issue our written approval within the 14-day period. Our approval
shall be evidenced by the execution of Attachment B-1 by you and us. You may only operate the Cheba
Hut Restaurant at the location specified in Attachment B-1. You understand that our approval of a site does
not constitute a representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, of the suitability of the site for
a Cheba Hut Restaurant. Our approval of the site indicates only that we believe the site meets our minimum
criteria.

                 7.2.      Lease. If you will lease the premises for your Cheba Hut Restaurant, you must
provide us with a proposed copy at least ten days before signing. We will only review the lease to determine
that it is in compliance with the terms of this Franchise Agreement and will not review the lease for or
provide you with any business, economic, legal or real estate analysis or advice. Our approved vendor may
assist you in negotiating the lease for your Cheba Hut Restaurant. However, you are solely responsible for
the terms of the lease and any no-objection letter we provide for the lease does not provide any
representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, that concerning the terms of the lease or the
viability or suitability of the site for the Cheba Hut Restaurant. You will ensure your landlord signs the



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-6
[2025 FA v1F]
Lease Addendum that is attached to the Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G or incorporates the
terms of the Lease Addendum into the lease for the Cheba Hut Restaurant. If your landlord refuses, we
have the right to disapprove of your lease, in which case you must find a new site for your Cheba Hut
Restaurant. You and the landlord must sign the lease and Lease Addendum within 180 days of the Effective
Date. You must promptly send us a copy of your fully executed lease and Lease Addendum for our records.
Your landlord may require you and, if you are an entity, your Owners, and spouses to sign a personal
guaranty.

                7.3.      Design and Construction. We will provide you with specifications for the design
and layout for a Cheba Hut Restaurant. We recommend that you hire one of our approved architects in
order to modify these plans to comply with all local ordinances, building codes, permits requirements, and
lease requirements and restrictions applicable to the premises. If you choose to use your own architect
instead of our preferred architect, you must pay us a fee of $4,200 to compensate for the additional costs
we will incur to ensure your Restaurant complies with our System standards. You must use our approved
real estate and construction management company in the construction of your Cheba Hut Restaurant. You
must submit the final plans to us for approval. Once approved by us, you must, at your sole expense,
construct and equip the Cheba Hut Restaurant to the specifications contained in the Brand Standards Manual
and purchase (or lease) and install the equipment, fixtures, furnishings, signs and other items that we
require. All exterior and interior signs of the Cheba Hut Restaurant must comply with the specifications
that we provide to you. We must approve the architects, contractors and other suppliers you use to construct
your Cheba Hut Restaurant. You are responsible for all architectural, engineering, survey and construction
costs and fees (including fees payable to approved third parties) related to the design and construction of
your Cheba Hut Restaurant. You agree to provide us with weekly status updates as to construction of the
Cheba Hut Restaurant. You acknowledge these requirements are necessary and reasonable to preserve the
identity, reputation and goodwill we developed and the value of the Franchise. Before you open, we must
approve the layout of your Cheba Hut Restaurant.

                  7.4.   Opening. You must open your Cheba Hut Business to the public within 18 months
of the Effective Date. You may not open your Cheba Hut Business before: (i) successful completion of the
initial training program by you, your Managing Operator, and your Designated Manager, if you have one;
(ii) you purchase all required insurance; (iii) you obtain all required licenses, permits and other
governmental approvals; and (iv) we provide our written approval of the construction, build-out and layout
of your Cheba Hut Restaurant. You must also purchase décor including menu boards and select plaques
from us prior to opening your Cheba Hut Business. We may conduct a pre-opening inspection of your
Cheba Hut Restaurant and you agree to make any changes we require before opening. By virtue of opening
your Cheba Hut Business, you acknowledge that we have fulfilled all of our pre-opening obligations to you.
If you do not open your Cheba Hut Restaurant within 18 months after the Effective Date, then you will
have the right to request, in writing, one or more 30-day extension periods to open the Cheba Hut
Restaurant, not to exceed a total of 180 days from the required opening date. You must pay us a non-
refundable extension fee of $1,000 for every permitted 30-day extension period upon requesting each
extension.

                7.5.      Relocation. You may relocate your Cheba Hut Restaurant within your Territory
with our prior written approval, which we will not unreasonably withhold. If we allow you to relocate
within your Territory, you must: (i) comply with Section 7.1 through Section 7.4 of this Franchise
Agreement with respect to your new Cheba Hut Restaurant (excluding the 12-month opening period); (ii)
open your new Cheba Hut Restaurant and resume operations within 30 days after closing your prior Cheba
Hut Restaurant; and (iii) and reimburse us for our reasonable expenses up to $10,000. You may not relocate
your Cheba Hut Restaurant outside of your Territory without our prior written approval, which we may
withhold in our sole discretion. If we allow you to relocate outside of your Territory, you agree to: (i)
comply with Section 7.1 through Section 7.4 of this Franchise Agreement with respect to your new Cheba



{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-7
[2025 FA v1F]
Hut Restaurant (excluding the 18-month opening period); (ii) open your new Cheba Hut Restaurant and
resume operations within 30 days after closing your prior Cheba Hut Restaurant; and (iii) and pay us a
relocation fee of $10,000. You agree to fully de-identify any Cheba Hut Restaurant you relocate from and
no longer utilize.

                  7.6.    Catastrophes. If your Cheba Hut Restaurant is destroyed or damaged by fire or
other casualty and the Term of this Franchise Agreement and the lease for your Cheba Hut Restaurant has
at least five years remaining, you will: (a) within 30 days thereafter commence all repairs and reconstruction
necessary to restore the Cheba Hut Restaurant to its condition prior to such casualty; or (b) relocate the
Cheba Hut Restaurant pursuant to Section 7.5 and the Term shall be extended for the period from the date
the Cheba Hut Restaurant closed due to the catastrophe until it re-opens. You will reimburse us 6% of any
insurance proceeds due to business interruption as a result of your Cheba Hut Restaurant being closed as a
result of a casualty event or any other reason.

           8.       MANAGEMENT AND STAFFING

                8.1.   Owner Participation. You acknowledge that a major requirement for the success
of your Cheba Hut Business is the active, continuing, and substantial personal involvement and hands-on
supervision by your Managing Operator, who must at all times be actively involved in the operation of the
Cheba Hut Business on a full-time basis and provide on-site management and supervision.

                 8.2.    Designated Manager. You must hire a manager to assume responsibility for the
daily on-site management and supervision of your Cheba Hut Business (“Designated Manager”), but only
if: (i) we approve the Designated Manager in our commercially reasonable discretion; (ii) the Designated
Manager successfully completes the initial training program; and (iii) you or your Managing Operator
agrees to assume responsibility for the on-site management and supervision of your Cheba Hut Business if
the Designated Manager is unable to perform his or her duties due to death, disability, termination of
employment, or for any other reason, until such time that you obtain a suitable replacement Designated
Manager. The Designated Manager must be an experienced hospitality professional who has a minimum of
three years of restaurant and bar management experience. If you are a legal entity, we may require that
your Designated Manager have an ownership interest in the legal entity.

                 8.3.    Employees. You must determine appropriate staffing levels for your Cheba Hut
Business to ensure full compliance with this Franchise Agreement and our System standards. You are
solely responsible to hire, train, and supervise employees to assist you with the proper operation of the
Cheba Hut Business. You must pay all wages, commissions, fringe benefits, worker’s compensation
premiums, and payroll taxes (and other withholdings required by law) due for your employees. These
employees will be employees of yours and not of ours. We do not control the day-to-day activities of your
employees or the manner in which they perform their assigned tasks. You must inform your employees
that you exclusively supervise their activities and dictate the manner in which they perform their assigned
tasks. In this regard, you must use your legal business entity name (not our Marks or a fictitious name) on
all employee applications, paystubs, pay checks, employment agreements, time cards, and similar items.
We also do not control the hiring or firing of your employees. You have sole responsibility and authority
for all employment-related decisions, including employee selection and promotion, hours worked, rates of
pay and other benefits, work assignments, training, and working conditions. We will not provide you any
advice or guidance on these matters. You must require that your employees review and sign the
acknowledgment form we prescribe that explains the nature of the franchise relationship and notifies the
employee that you are his or her sole employer. You must also post a conspicuous notice for employees in
the back-of-the-house area explaining your franchise relationship with us and that you (and not we) are the
employee’s sole employer. We may prescribe the form and content of this notice. You agree that any
direction you receive from us regarding employment policies should be considered as examples, that you



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-8
[2025 FA v1F]
alone are responsible for establishing and implementing your own policies, and that you understand that
you should do so in consultation with local legal counsel well-versed in employment law.

                  8.4.     Interim Manager. In order to prevent any interruption of operations or to address
other operational problems which could cause harm to the System, we have the right, but not the obligation,
to designate an individual of our choosing (“Interim Manager”) to manage your Cheba Hut Business if: (i)
your Managing Operator ceases to perform the responsibilities of a Managing Operator (whether due to
retirement, death, disability, or for any other reason) and you fail to find an adequate replacement Managing
Operator within 30 days; (ii) you are in breach of the Franchise Agreement; or (iii) upon a Crisis
Management Event. The Interim Manager will cease to manage your Cheba Hut Business at such time that
you hire an adequate replacement Managing Operator who has completed training, you cure the breach or
the Crisis Management Event ends, as applicable. If we appoint an Interim Manager, you agree to pay us
our then-current “Management Fee” (currently equal to $500 per day, plus costs and expenses). You further
agree to pay all of our reasonable attorney’s fees, accountant’s fees, and other professional fees and costs
incurred as a consequence of our exercise of our rights under this Section 8.4. The Interim Manager will
have no liability to you except for gross negligence or willful misconduct. We will have no liability to you
for the activities of an Interim Manager unless we are grossly negligent in appointing the Interim Manager.

         9.        FRANCHISEE AS ENTITY. If you are an Entity, you agree to undertake each obligation
under this Section 9. You must provide us with a list of all of your Owners. You must provide us with a
resolution of the Entity authorizing the execution of this Franchise Agreement, a copy of the Entity’s
organizational documents, and a current Certificate of Good Standing (or the functional equivalent thereof).
You represent that the Entity is duly formed and validly existing under the laws of the state of its formation
or incorporation. You are qualified and authorized to do business in the jurisdiction where the Cheba Hut
Restaurant is to be located and every jurisdiction where it conducts business, maintains offices, owns real
estate or where qualification is required. You agree to ensure that your organizational documents will at
all times provide your business activities will be confined exclusively to the ownership and operation of the
Cheba Hut Restaurant, unless otherwise consented to in writing by us. You agree that Attachment C to this
Franchise Agreement completely and accurately describes all of your Owners and their interests in you as
of the Effective Date. You and your Owners agree to sign and deliver to us revised versions of Attachment
C periodically to reflect any permitted changes in the information that Attachment C now contains. You
agree to, at all times, maintain a current schedule of the Owners of you and their ownership interests and to
immediately provide us with a copy of the updated ownership schedule whenever there is any change of
ownership to you. You acknowledge that you have no material liabilities, adverse claims, commitments or
obligations of any nature as of the Effective Date, whether accrued, unliquidated, absolute, contingent or
otherwise, except as disclosed to us in writing or set forth in your financial statements that have been
provided to us. You will, at all times, maintain sufficient working capital to operate the Cheba Hut
Restaurant and to fulfill its obligations under this Franchise Agreement, and will take steps to ensure
availability of capital to fulfill your obligations to maintain and remodel the Cheba Hut Restaurant premises
in accordance with this Franchise Agreement. You agree not to use the name “Cheba Hut” or any derivative
thereof in the name of your Entity. You further acknowledge that the acknowledgments, representations
and warranties contained in this Section are continuing obligations of you and your Owners and that any
failure to comply with such representations, warranties and covenants will constitute a breach of this
Agreement.

        10.     OWNERS AGREEMENT. All Owners (whether direct or indirect) and their spouses
must sign the Owners Agreement, attached as Attachment D to this Franchise Agreement, agreeing to be
personally bound by all of the Franchise Agreement’s terms. You agree that, if any person or Entity ceases
to be one of your Owners, or if any individual or Entity becomes an Owner of you, you will notify us in
writing and within five days will require the new Owner (and the new Owner’s spouse) to execute all
documents required by us, including the Owners Agreement.



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-9
[2025 FA v1F]
           11.      ADVERTISING & MARKETING

                    11.1.   Brand Fund.

                          11.1.1. Administration. We have established and maintain a brand and
promotion fund (“Brand Fund”) to promote public awareness of our brand and to improve our System. We
may use the Brand Fund to pay for any of the following in our sole discretion: (i) developing, maintaining,
administering, directing, preparing, or reviewing advertising and marketing materials, promotions, and
programs; (ii) public awareness of any of the Marks; (iii) public and consumer relations and publicity; (iv)
brand development; (v) research and development of technology, products, and services; (vi) website
development and search engine optimization; (vii) development and implementation of quality control
programs; (viii) conducting market research; (ix) changes and improvements to the System; (x) the fees and
expenses of any advertising agency we engage to assist in producing or conducting advertising or marketing
efforts; (xi) collecting and account for contributions to the Brand Fund; (xii) preparing and distributing
financial accountings of the Brand Fund; (xiii) any other programs or activities that we deem necessary or
appropriate to promote or improve the System; and (xiv) our and our affiliates’ expenses associated with
direct or indirect labor, administrative, overhead, or other expenses incurred in relation to any of these
activities. We may use national and/or regional advertising agencies as the source for our advertising
materials, or we may prepare them in-house. We have sole discretion in determining the content, concepts,
materials, media, endorsements, frequency, placement, location, and all other matters pertaining to any of
the foregoing activities. Any surplus of monies in the Brand Fund may be invested and we may lend money
to the Brand Fund if there is a deficit. The Brand Fund is not a trust, and we have no fiduciary obligations
to you with respect to our administration of the Brand Fund. A financial accounting of the operations of
the Brand Fund, including deposits into and disbursements from the Brand Fund, will be prepared annually
and made available to you upon request. We do not ensure that our expenditures from the Brand Fund in
or affecting any geographic area are proportionate or equivalent to the Brand Fund Contributions by our
franchisees operating in that geographic area or that any of our franchisees benefit directly or in proportion
to their Brand Fund Contributions. We reserve the right to change, merge, re-form or dissolve the Brand
Fund in our discretion. We will not use the Brand Fund for advertising that is principally a solicitation for
the sale of franchises, but we reserve the right to include a notation in any advertisement or website
indicating “Franchises Available” or similar phrasing.

                         11.1.2. Brand Fund Contributions. On the same day your Royalty payment is
due, you must contribute 2%)of your weekly Net Sales to the Brand Fund (“Brand Fund Contributions”).
We reserve the right to raise the fee to up to 4.20% upon written notice to you.

                         11.1.3. Brand Fund Termination. We may, upon 30 days’ prior written notice
to you, reduce or suspend Brand Fund Contributions and operations for one or more periods of any length
and terminate and/or reinstate the Brand Fund. If we terminate the Brand Fund, we will distribute all unused
contributions to contributing franchisees, and to us or our affiliates, in proportion to respective contributions
during the preceding 24-month period.

                    11.2.   Your Marketing Activities.

                        11.2.1. Local Advertising Requirement. In addition to your required Brand
Fund Contribution, you must spend one percent (1%) of Net Sales on local advertising to promote your
Cheba Hut Business (“Local Advertising Requirement”). We will measure your compliance with this
requirement on a rolling six-month basis, meaning that as long as your average monthly expenditure on
local advertising over the six-month period equals or exceeds the minimum monthly amount that we
specify, you will be deemed in compliance even if your expenditure in any given month is less than the
minimum monthly amount that we specify. If you fail to spend the Local Advertising Requirement, you



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-10
[2025 FA v1F]
will be required to pay the difference to us. We must approve all local advertising in accordance with
Section 11.2.5. You agree to participate at your own expense in all advertising, promotional, rebates,
giveaways and marketing programs that we require, including any advertising cooperative that we establish
pursuant to Section 11.3.

                         11.2.2. First Party; Grand Opening Marketing. Within 60 days of opening, you
must host a one-day grand opening celebration (“First Party”) at your Cheba Hut Restaurant. You must
spend at least $2,500 on the First Party. You agree to provide us with a written summary of all expenses
incurred by you for the First Party within 20 days of hosting the First Party.

                   While you are not required to spend any money on grand opening marketing (other than
the First Party), we will match up to $3,000 for any money you spend on approved grand opening marketing,
advertising and promotion for your Cheba Hut Business during the period commencing 180 days prior to
the opening of your Cheba Hut Business.

                        11.2.3. Porky’s Clause. You must participate in at least two system-wide
celebrations designed by us and held each calendar year. You agree to submit a summary of the expenses
incurred by you using the form designated by us within 20 days of the end of each celebration.

                         11.2.4. Standards for Advertising. You must order sales and marketing material
from us or our designated suppliers. All advertisements and promotions that you create or use must be
completely factual and conform to the highest standards of ethical advertising and comply with all federal,
state, and local laws. You must ensure that your advertisements and promotional materials do not infringe
upon the intellectual property rights of others.

                        11.2.5. Approval of Advertising. Before you use them, we must approve all
advertising and promotional materials that we did not prepare or previously approve (including materials
that we prepared or approved, and you modify). We will be deemed to have disapproved the materials if
we fail to issue our written approval within 30 days after receipt. You may not use any advertising or
promotional materials that we have disapproved (including materials that we previously approved and later
disapprove). If you use unauthorized advertising materials, you must pay a fee of $500 per occurrence to
us, or to the Brand Fund.

                           11.2.6. Internet and Websites. We may require that you utilize our designated
supplier for social media marketing services. If you wish to utilize social media or advertise online, you
must follow our online policy which is contained in our Brand Standards Manual. Our online policy may
change as technology and the Internet changes. Under our online policy, we may retain the sole right to
market on the Internet, including all use of websites, domain names, advertising, and co-branding
arrangements. We may restrict your use of social media. We may not allow you to independently market
on the Internet, or use any domain name, address, locator, link, metatag, or search technique with words or
symbols similar to the Marks. We intend that any franchisee website will be accessed only through our
home page. At this time, we do not allow our franchisees to maintain their own websites (other than the
localized webpage that we provide) or market their Cheba Hut Restaurant on the Internet (other than through
approved social media outlets). Accordingly, you may not maintain a website, conduct e-commerce, or
otherwise maintain a presence or advertise or engage in any promotional or similar activities, whether
directly or indirectly, on the Internet or any other proprietary or common carrier electronic delivery system
in connection with your Cheba Hut Business. Without limiting the generality of anything else contained
herein, you agree not to establish an account or participate in any social networking sites, crowdfunding
campaigns or blogs or mention or discuss the Cheba Hut Franchise, us or any of our affiliates, without our
prior written consent and as subject to our online policy.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-11
[2025 FA v1F]
                  11.3. Advertising Cooperative. We have the right, but not the obligation, to create one
or more advertising cooperatives for the purpose of creating and/or purchasing advertising programs for the
benefit of all franchisees operating within a particular region, in which you may be required to participate.
We have the right to determine the composition of all geographic territories and market areas for each
advertising cooperative. Franchisees in each cooperative will contribute an amount established by its
members to the cooperative for each Cheba Hut Business that the franchisee owns that exists within the
cooperative’s geographic area in an amount that shall not be below 0.5% of Net Sales and shall not exceed
2% of Net Sales. Each Cheba Hut Business we own that exists within the cooperative’s area will contribute
to the cooperative on the same basis as franchisees. We reserve the right to form, change, merge or dissolve
advertising cooperative in our discretion. Any advertising cooperative contributions will count toward your
Local Advertising Requirement.

                11.4. Advisory Council. We have not yet established but we may establish an advisory
council (“Council”) to advise us on advertising policies. The Council would be governed by by-laws.
Members of the Council would consist of both franchisees and corporate representatives. The Council
would serve in an advisory capacity only. We reserve the right to form, change, merge, or dissolve the
Council in our discretion.

                11.5. Marketing Assistance from Us. We may create and make available to you
advertising and other marketing materials for your purchase such as t-shirts, stickers and other promotional
merchandise. We may use the Brand Fund to pay for the creation and distribution of these materials, in
which case there will be no additional charge. We may make these materials available over the Internet (in
which case you must arrange for printing the materials and paying all printing costs). Alternatively, we
may enter into relationships with third-party suppliers who will create the advertising or marketing
materials for your purchase. You are strictly prohibited from resale of any items in this Section 11.5. In
the event you re-sell any of these items without our written permission, you will pay us a fee of $500 per
occurrence.

           12.      BRAND STANDARDS

                  12.1. Generally. You agree to operate your Cheba Hut Business: (i) in a manner that
will promote the goodwill of the Marks; and (ii) in full compliance with our standards and all other terms
of this Franchise Agreement and the Brand Standards Manual. Any required standards exist to protect our
interests in the System and the Marks and not for the purpose of establishing any control or duty to take
control over those matters that are reserved to you. The required standards generally will be set forth in the
Brand Standards Manual or other written materials. The Brand Standards Manual also will include
guidelines or recommendations in addition to required standards. In some instances, the required standards
will include recommendations or guidelines to meet the required standards. You may follow the
recommendations or guidelines or some other suitable alternative, provided you meet and comply with the
required standards. In other instances, no suitable alternative may exist. In order to protect our interests in
the System and Marks, we reserve the right to determine if you are meeting a required standard and whether
an alternative is suitable to any recommendations or guidelines.

                  12.2. Brand Standards Manual. You agree to establish and operate your Cheba Hut
Business in accordance with the Brand Standards Manual. The Brand Standards Manual may contain,
among other things: (i) a description of the authorized products and services that you may offer at your
Cheba Hut Business; (ii) mandatory and suggested specifications, operating procedures, and quality
standards for products, services, and procedures that we prescribe from time to time for our franchisees;
(iii) mandatory reporting and insurance requirements; (iv) mandatory and suggested specifications for your
Cheba Hut Restaurant; policies and procedures pertaining to any gift card program that we establish; and
(v) a written list of products and services (or specifications for products and services) you must purchase



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-12
[2025 FA v1F]
for the development and operation of your Cheba Hut Business and a list of any designated or approved
suppliers for these products or services. The Brand Standards Manual is designed to establish and protect
our brand standards and the uniformity and quality of the products and services offered by our franchisees.
We can modify the Brand Standards Manual at any time. The modifications will become binding
immediately when we send you notice of the modification. All mandatory provisions contained in the
Brand Standards Manual (whether they are included now or in the future) are binding on you. If your copy
of the Brand Standards Manual is lost, destroyed, or significantly damaged you will be required to pay us
$420.

                 12.3. Restaurant Artwork. You agree that the artwork displayed in your Cheba Hut
Restaurant is an important part of the customer experience. The quality and kind of artwork must reflect a
positive and professional environment. You will be responsible for selecting standard prints from an
approved vendor and for commissioning your own mural to be displayed in your Cheba Hut Restaurant
subject to our approval as set forth in the Brand Standards Manual. We reserve the right to: (i) change or
update our standards for artwork at any time; (ii) change or add approved vendors; (iii) modify the selection
of approved prints; and (iv) approve or disapprove of any prints and murals in our sole discretion.

                          12.3.1    Prints. You must purchase standard prints of the size and quantity we
require and have them professionally mounted by an approved vendor at your sole cost at least 60 days
prior to store opening in accordance with the Brand Standards Manual. You are required to have at least
five large prints, ten medium prints, and five small prints displayed in your Cheba Hut Restaurant. Print
size, specifications and other requirements are set forth in the Brand Standards Manual.

                         12.3.2     Mural. You must hire an approved vendor at your sole cost to
professionally paint a mural on an interior wall of your Cheba Hut Restaurant. We must approve the design,
size and location of your mural at least 30 days before opening your Cheba Hut Business. You must
recommission a new mural in your Cheba Hut Restaurant every three years at your sole cost in accordance
with the Brand Standards Manual and we must approve the design of your mural at least 14 days prior to
painting.

                 12.4. Authorized Products and Services. You agree to offer all products and services
that we require from time to time. You may not offer any other products or services at your Cheba Hut
Business without our prior written permission. You may not use your Cheba Hut Restaurant or permit your
Cheba Hut Restaurant to be used for any purpose other than offering the products and services that we
authorize. We may, without obligation to do so, add, modify or delete authorized products and services,
and you must do the same upon notice from us. Our addition, modification, or deletion of one or more
products or services shall not constitute a termination of the Franchise or this Franchise Agreement. You
will not operate any food trucks or offer catering services or otherwise sell any items offered by your Cheba
Hut Business outside of the Cheba Hut Restaurant without our express written consent. In addition, except
as expressly authorized in our Brand Standards Manual or otherwise with our express written consent, you
may not sell any clothing or non-food merchandise or other promotional items at your Cheba Hut Business,
including items we may provide to you in any marketing package.

                 12.5. Suppliers and Purchasing. You agree to purchase or lease all products, supplies,
equipment, services, and other items specified in the Brand Standards Manual. If required by the Brand
Standards Manual, you agree to purchase certain products and services only from suppliers designated or
approved by us (which may include, or be limited exclusively to, us or our affiliates). You agree to use the
ordering system or service provider designated by us and to pay all ordering or service fees associated with
such orders assessed by our approved or designated suppliers. You acknowledge that our right to specify
the suppliers that you may use is necessary and desirable so that we can control the uniformity and quality
of products and services used, sold, or distributed in connection with the development and ongoing



{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-13
[2025 FA v1F]
operation of your Cheba Hut Restaurant, maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets, obtain discounted
prices for our franchisees if we choose to do so, and protect the reputation and goodwill associated with the
System and the Marks. If we receive rebates or other financial consideration from these suppliers based
upon your purchases or any other of our franchisee’s purchases, we have no obligation to pass these amounts
on to you or to use them for your benefit. If you want us to approve a supplier that you propose, you must
send us a written notice specifying the supplier’s name and qualifications and provide any additional
information that we request. We will approve or reject your request within 30 days after we receive your
notice and all additional information (and samples) that we require. We shall be deemed to have rejected
your request if we fail to issue our approval within the 30-day period. You must reimburse us for all costs
and expenses that we incur in reviewing a proposed supplier within ten days after invoicing. You agree to
maintain an adequate inventory of all items in accordance with the Brand Standards Manual.

                12.6. Equipment Maintenance and Changes. You agree to maintain all of your
equipment in good condition and promptly replace or repair any equipment that is damaged, worn out, or
obsolete. We may require that you add new equipment or change, upgrade or replace your equipment,
which may require you to make additional investments. You acknowledge that our ability to require
franchisees to make significant changes to their equipment is critical to our ability to administer and change
the System, and you agree to comply with any such required change within the time period that we
reasonably prescribe.

                  12.7. Software and Technology. You will, at your expense, purchase and maintain any
point-of-sale system, cash register, computer hardware and software, communication equipment,
communication services, Internet services (including the requirement to maintain a high-speed Internet
connection), dedicated telephone and power lines, modems, printers, and other related accessories or
peripheral equipment that we may specify for use in the Cheba Hut Business. You will provide any
assistance we require to connect your point-of-sale system or computer system with our computer system.
We will have the right at any time to retrieve data and other information from your point-of-sale system or
computer system as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or desirable. You shall ensure that we have
access at all times to your point-of-sale system, at your cost. You will strictly comply with the policies and
procedures specified in the Brand Standards Manual for all items associated with your point-of-sale system,
computer system and communication equipment and services. You will keep the point-of-sale system,
computer system and communication equipment in good maintenance and repair, and you will promptly
install, at your expense, any additions, changes, modifications or substitutions to your point-of-sale system,
computer hardware, software, communication equipment, telephone and power lines, and other related
accessories or peripheral equipment, as we may specify periodically. We may require that you license from
us proprietary software for use in the Cheba Hut Business, and, if so, you will sign the software license
agreement we specify, and you will comply with all of its terms and conditions. You will utilize the point-
of-sale system, computer system and communication equipment and services in connection with the Cheba
Business pursuant to our policies and procedures as contained in the Brand Standards Manual. You
acknowledge and agree that changes to technology are dynamic and not predictable within the Term of this
Franchise Agreement. In order to provide for inevitable but unpredictable changes to technological needs
and opportunities, you agree that we will have the right to establish, in writing, reasonable new standards
for the implementation of technology in the System and you agree to comply with those reasonable new
standards that we establish as if we periodically revised this Section for that purpose. We reserve the right
to: (i) change or add approved suppliers of these services at any time in our sole discretion; (ii) enter into a
master license agreement with any software or technology supplier and sublicense the software or
technology to you, in which case we may charge you for all amounts that we must pay to the licensor based
on your use of the software or technology; (iii) create proprietary software or technology that must be used
by Cheba Hut franchisees, in which case we may require that you enter into a license agreement with us
and pay us reasonable initial and ongoing licensing, support and maintenance fees; and (iv) increase or
decrease the Technology Fee and other technology and licensing and expenses that you are required to pay



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-14
[2025 FA v1F]
under this Franchise Agreement. It is your responsibility to make sure that you are in compliance with all
laws that are applicable to the Computer System or other technology used in the operation of your Cheba
Hut Business, including all data protection or security laws.

                 12.8. Maintenance. You agree to maintain your Cheba Hut Restaurant in good order
and condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, and make all necessary repairs, including replacements,
renewals, and alterations at your sole expense, to comply with our standards and specifications. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree to take the following actions at your sole expense: (i)
thorough cleaning, repainting, and redecorating of the interior and exterior of the Cheba Hut Restaurant at
the intervals we may prescribe (or at such earlier times that such actions are required or advisable); and (ii)
interior and exterior repair of the Cheba Hut Restaurant as needed. You agree to comply with any
maintenance, cleaning, or facility upkeep schedule that we prescribe from time to time.

                 12.9. Remodeling. You agree to remodel and make all improvements and alterations to
your Cheba Hut Restaurant that we reasonably require from time to time to reflect our then-current image,
appearance, and facility specifications. There is no limitation on the cost of any remodeling that we may
require. You will not install or permit to be installed on or about the Cheba Hut Restaurant premises any
furnishings, fixtures, equipment, signs, décor, vending machines, video games, or the like that we have not
previously approved. You may not remodel or significantly alter your Cheba Hut Restaurant without our
prior written approval, which will not be unreasonably withheld. However, we will not be required to
approve any proposed remodeling or alteration if the same would not conform to our then-current standards,
specifications, or image requirements. You agree to complete any remodel of the Cheba Hut Restaurant
within nine months after receiving our written request specifying the requirements. Except for maintenance
under Section 12.8, we will not require that you remodel the Cheba Hut Restaurant more than once every
8 years.

                12.10. Hours of Operation. You must keep your Cheba Hut Restaurant open for the
minimum hours of operation as specified in the Brand Standards Manual, which may change over the Term.
Your Cheba Hut Business must be open every day of the year other than federal holidays, unless otherwise
agreed to by us. You must establish specific hours of operation and submit those hours to us for approval.

                12.11. Customer Complaints. If you receive a customer complaint, you must follow the
complaint resolution process that we specify in the Brand Standards Manual to protect the goodwill
associated with the Marks. You are required to respond to any customer complaint concerning the Cheba
Hut Business within 24 hours.

                  12.12. Quality Assurance Programs. At any time, we reserve the right to engage the
services of one or more “mystery shoppers” or quality assurance inspection firms who will inspect your
Cheba Hut Restaurant for quality control purposes. These inspections may address a variety of issues,
including, but not limited to, customer service, food safety, sanitation, and inventory rotation. You agree
to fully cooperate with any such inspection. If we implement such a program, you may be invoiced directly
by the mystery shopper or quality assurance firm for the services rendered. Alternatively, we may be
invoiced by the mystery shopper or quality assurance firm, in which case you must pay your proportional
share of the total fee based on the number of inspections performed. You agree to pay us this fee within ten
days after invoicing.

                 12.13. Failure to Comply with Standards. You acknowledge the importance of every
one of our standards and operating procedures to the reputation and integrity of the System and the goodwill
associated with the Marks.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-15
[2025 FA v1F]
                 12.14. Methods of Payment and Data Security. You agree to maintain, at all times,
credit card relationships with the credit and debit card issuers or sponsors, check or credit verification
services, financial-center services, merchant service providers, loyalty and gift cards, and electronic fund
transfer systems (together, “Credit Card Vendors”) that we may periodically designate as mandatory. The
term “Credit Card Vendors” includes, among other things, companies that provide services for electronic
payment, such as near field communication vendors (for example, “Apple Pay” and “Google Wallet”). You
agree not to use any Credit Card Vendor for which we have not given you our prior written approval or as
to which we have revoked our earlier approval. We have the right to modify our requirements and designate
additional approved or required methods of payment and vendors for processing such payments, and to
revoke our approval of any service provider. You agree to comply with the then-current Payment Card
Industry Data Security Standards as those standards may be revised and modified by the PCI Security
Standards Council, LLC (see www.pcisecuritystandards.org), or any successor organization or standards
that we may reasonably specify. Among other things, you agree to implement the enhancements, security
requirements, and other standards that the PCI Security Standards Council (or its successor) requires of a
merchant that accepts payment by credit and/or debit cards.

                12.15. Crisis Management Event. You agree to notify us immediately by telephone and
email upon the occurrence of a Crisis Management Event. We may establish emergency procedures which
may require you to temporarily close the Cheba Hut Business to the public, in which case you agree that
we will not be held liable to you for any losses or costs.

                12.16. Gift and Loyalty Cards. You agree to participate in our gift and loyalty card
programs, if any, and agree to make gift and loyalty cards available for purchase and redemption at your
Cheba Hut Restaurant.

                 12.17. Privacy. You agree to comply with all applicable international, federal, state and
local laws pertaining to the privacy of customer, employee, and transactional information (“Privacy Laws”).
You agree to research and proactively ensure that your Cheba Hut Business is in compliance with Privacy
Laws, which may vary depending on the location of your Cheba Hut Business. You also agree to comply
with our standards and policies pertaining to Privacy Laws. You agree to inform us of any conflict between
our standards and policies and any local or state Privacy Laws that govern your Cheba Hut Business to
ensure that your conduct complies with all those local or state Privacy Laws.

                  12.18. Music & Vending. You agree to only play the music selections and purchase the
music equipment that has been approved by us in writing and in accordance with the Brand Standards
Manual. You agree not to install any jukeboxes, vending machines, electronic games, ATM machines,
newspaper racks, entertainment devices or gambling devices at the Cheba Hut Restaurant and agree to not
sell any tickets, subscriptions, chances, raffles or lottery tickets.

                12.19. Consulting. If you request that we provide you with a consultant to assist and
advise you on management and operational issues of your Cheba Hut Business, then you will pay us the
then-current per-diem fee we charge for consulting services and agree to pay for all travel, transportation,
food and lodging expenses incurred by the consultant(s).

                12.20. Delivery, Ordering and Catering Procedures. You agree to follow our policies
in the Brand Standards Manual including online and off-site policies and procedures, which may require
you to provide catering and delivery services and/or utilize third-party delivery services and which may
change over time in our sole discretion. You may be required to use the third-party delivery service(s) with
which we have a national contract, and you may not contract with any other delivery platform without our
written authorization. You are solely responsible for all costs and fees charged by any third-party delivery
service platforms. You acknowledge and agree that customers should be free to order from the Cheba Hut



{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-16
[2025 FA v1F]
Restaurant that they wish and, therefore, you are not guaranteed any specific territory, territorial rights or
area for catering, online ordering or delivery services. Our delivery and catering policies and procedures
may also allow you to provide catering and delivery services in the territories of other Cheba Hut
Restaurants without compensating the operator of those restaurants. These policies may also allow other
Cheba Hut Restaurants to provide catering and delivery services in your Territory without compensating
you. We also may require that you discontinue catering and/or delivery services in our sole discretion. You
will also be required to pay for our then-current online ordering service fee, to our approved supplier.

           13.      FEES

                 13.1. Initial Franchise Fee. You agree to pay us an initial franchise fee (“Initial
Franchise Fee”) in the amount specified in Attachment B, payable in one lump sum at the time you sign
this Franchise Agreement. You may, at the time you sign this Franchise Agreement, purchase the rights to
open either: (1) a single Franchise; or (2) up to three Franchises (a “Multi-3 Franchise”). If you purchase
a Multi-3 Franchise you will sign the “Multi-Franchise Addendum” the form of which is attached to the
Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G. To open additional Cheba Hut Businesses under a Multi-3
Franchise you will be required to sign our then-current franchise agreement, but you will not be required to
pay an Initial Franchise Fee (all other fees will apply). The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned by us and
is non-refundable once this Franchise Agreement has been signed. The Initial Franchise Fee is in
consideration of all of our pre-opening assistance that we provide to allow you to open your Cheba Hut
Restaurant(s) and our lost or deferred opportunity to enter into this Franchise Agreement with others, and
it offsets some of our expenses for franchisee recruitment. If this Franchise Agreement is being signed
under a Multi-Franchise Addendum between you and us or if this Franchise Agreement is the renewal of a
prior franchise agreement with us for an existing Cheba Hut Business, then no Initial Franchise Fee is due.

                13.2. Royalty. On Wednesday of each week, you agree to pay us a royalty fee
(“Royalty”) of five percent (5%) of Net Sales during the previous week (Monday through Sunday). This
Royalty is an ongoing payment that allows you to use the Intellectual Property and that pays for our ongoing
support and assistance.

                 13.3. Technology Fees. You are required to pay us our then-current monthly fee for
technology (“Technology Fee”), up to $750 per month, beginning when your Cheba Hut Business is open
to the public throughout the Term of this Franchise Agreement for the use of our online systems, email,
data sharing, restaurant management software, accounting and operations software and other Internet-
related functions. You must also pay us a pre-opening Technology Fee of $100 per month beginning when
you sign this Franchise Agreement until your Cheba Hut Business is open to the public. The fees in this
Section 13.4 are currently due by the 5th of each month. We may upgrade, modify or add new software and
technology. You will be responsible for any increase in fees that result from any upgrades, modifications,
or additional software or from increases from third-party vendors.

                  13.4. Other Fees and Payments. You agree to pay all other fees, expense
reimbursements, and other amounts specified in this Franchise Agreement in a timely manner as if fully set
forth in this Section 13. You also agree to promptly pay us an amount equal to all taxes levied or assessed
against us based upon products or services that you sell or based upon products or services that we furnish
to you (other than income taxes that we pay based on amounts that you pay us under this Franchise
Agreement).

                 13.5. Late Fee. If any sums due under this Franchise Agreement have not been received
by us when due (or there are insufficient funds in your account to cover any sums owed to us when due),
then, in addition to those sums, you must pay us interest on the amounts past due at the rate equal to the




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-17
[2025 FA v1F]
lesser of eighteen percent (18%) per annum (pro-rated on a daily basis), or the highest rate permitted by
applicable law. If no due date has been specified by us, then interest begins ten days after we bill you.

                  13.6. Method of Payment. You must complete and send us an ACH Authorization
Form allowing us to electronically debit a banking account that you designate (“Account”) for: (i) all fees
payable to us pursuant to this Franchise Agreement (other than the Initial Franchise Fee); and (ii) any
amounts that you owe to us or any of our affiliates for the purchase of products or services. We will debit
your Account for these payments on or after the due date. Our current form of ACH Authorization Form
is attached to the Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G. You must sign and deliver to us any other
documents that we or your bank may require authorizing us to debit your Account for these amounts. You
must deposit into the Account all revenues that you generate from the operation of your Cheba Hut
Business. You must make sufficient funds available for withdrawal by electronic transfer before each due
date. If there are insufficient funds in your Account to cover all amounts that you owe, any excess amounts
that you owe will be payable upon demand, together with a non-sufficient funds fee, of the lesser of $100
per occurrence or the highest amount allowed by law, and any late charge imposed pursuant to Section 13.6.
If you make any payment to us or our affiliate(s) by credit card for any fee required, we may charge a
service charge of up to four percent (4%) of the total charge.

              13.7. Payment Frequency. We reserve the right to periodically specify (in the Brand
Standards Manual or otherwise in writing) different payment frequencies (for example weekly/biweekly/
monthly payments) for any payment due to us or our affiliates.

                 13.8. Application of Payments. We have sole discretion to apply any payments from
you to any past due indebtedness of yours or in any other manner we feel appropriate. We will not be bound
by any instructions for allocation you specify.

                 13.9. Payment Obligations. Your obligations to pay us the fees under this Franchise
Agreement are absolute and unconditional, and will remain in full force and effect throughout the entire
duration of this Franchise Agreement. You will have no right to offset any fees paid to us and must pay us
all fees regardless of any claims you may have against us. We will have the right, at any time before or
after termination of this Franchise Agreement, without notice to you, to offset any amounts or liabilities
that you may owe to us against any amounts or liabilities that we may owe you under this Franchise
Agreement or any other agreement, loan, transaction or relationship between the parties.

                 13.10. CPI Adjustments to Fixed Fees. All fees are current as of the issuance date of
the Franchise Disclosure Document. Certain fees that we have indicated may increase over the term of the
Franchise Agreement. Also, all fees expressed as a fixed dollar amount in this Franchise Agreement are
subject to adjustment based on changes to the Consumer Price Index in the United States. We may
periodically review and increase these fees based on changes to the Consumer Price Index (in addition to
any other increase), but only if the increase to the Consumer Price Index is more than 5% higher than the
corresponding Consumer Price Index in effect on: (a) the effective date of the Franchise Agreement (for
the initial fee adjustments); or (b) the date we implemented the last fee adjustment (for subsequent fee
adjustments). We will notify you of any CPI adjustment at least 60 days before the fee adjustment becomes
effective. We will implement no more than one fee adjustment during any calendar year. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the fee adjustments in this Section shall not impact fees which we reserve the right to increase
in higher amounts or to adjust more frequently, including but not limited to the Technology Fee.

           14.      BRAND PROTECTION COVENANTS

                14.1. Reason for Covenants. You acknowledge that the Intellectual Property and the
training and assistance that we provide would not be acquired except through implementation of this



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-18
[2025 FA v1F]
Franchise Agreement. You also acknowledge that competition by you, the Owners, or persons associated
with you or the Owners (including family members) could seriously jeopardize the entire System because
you and the Owners have received an advantage through knowledge of our day-to-day operations and
Confidential Information related to the System. Accordingly, you and the Owners agree to comply with
the covenants described in this Section to protect the Intellectual Property and our System.

                 14.2. Our Confidential Information. You will use the Confidential Information only
in the operation of the Cheba Hut Business, and you will not disclose Confidential Information to others,
except as expressly authorized by this Franchise Agreement. You will take all appropriate actions to
preserve the confidentiality of all Confidential Information, including keeping the Brand Standards Manual
and the Guru Guide in a secure location. Access to Confidential Information must be limited to only your
employees who need the Confidential Information to perform their jobs and who are subject to your general
policy on maintaining confidentiality as a condition of employment or who have first signed our System
Protection Agreement. You will not copy or permit copying of Confidential Information. Your obligations
under this Section begin when you sign this Franchise Agreement and continue for trade secrets as long as
they remain secret, and, for other Confidential Information, for as long as we continue to use the information
in confidence (even if edited or revised) plus three years. We will respond promptly and in good faith to
any inquiry by you about continued protection of any Confidential Information. You will use the
Confidential Information only in the operation of the Cheba Hut Business, and you will not disclose
Confidential Information to others, except as expressly authorized by this Franchise Agreement.

         All data that you collect, create, provide or otherwise develop (including, but not limited to
customer information) is (and will be) owned exclusively by us, and we will have the right to use such data
in any manner that we deem appropriate without compensation to you. Copies and/or originals of such data
must be provided to us upon our request. We hereby license use of such data back to you, at no additional
cost, solely for the Term of this Franchise Agreement and solely for your use in connection with the Cheba
Hut Business. You agree to provide us with the information that we reasonably require with respect to data
and cybersecurity requirements. You agree to indemnify us for any loss of data including, but not limited
to customer information, resulting from a breach of such data caused, in whole or in part, by you.

         The restrictions on the disclosure and use of the Confidential Information will not apply to
disclosure of Confidential Information: (i) made in confidence to a government official, either directly or
indirectly, or to an attorney, solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of
law; (ii) made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made
under seal; (iii) made in cases of suit for retaliation based on the reporting of a suspected violation of law,
disclosure of Confidential Information to an attorney and for use of the Confidential Information in such
court proceeding, so long as any document containing the Confidential Information is filed under seal and
Confidential Information is not otherwise disclosed except pursuant to court order.

                 14.3. Competition during Term. You and your Owners agree not to compete with us
during the Term by engaging in any of the following activities (“Prohibited Activities”): (i) owning,
operating, or having any other interest (as an owner, partner, director, officer, employee, manager,
consultant, shareholder, creditor, representative, agent, or in any similar capacity) in any Competitive
Business, other than owning an interest of five percent (5%) or less in a publicly traded company that is a
Competitive Business; (ii) diverting or attempting to divert any business from us (or one of our affiliates or
franchisees); or (iii) inducing any customer of ours (or of one of our affiliates’ or franchisees’) to transfer
their business to you or to any other person that is not then a franchisee of ours.

              14.4. Competition after Term. During the Post-Term Restricted Period, you and your
Owners agree not to engage in any Prohibited Activities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and your
Owners may have an interest in a Competitive Business during the Post-Term Restricted Period as long as



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-19
[2025 FA v1F]
the Competitive Business is not located within, and does not provide competitive products or services to
customers who are located within the Restricted Territory. If you or an Owner engages in a Prohibited
Activity during the Post-Term Restricted Period (other than having an interest in a Competitive Business
that is permitted under this Section), then the Post-Term Restricted Period applicable to you or the non-
compliant Owner shall be extended by the period of time during which you or the non-compliant Owner,
as applicable, engaged in the Prohibited Activity.

                 14.5. Employees and Others Associated with You. You must ensure that all of your
employees, officers, directors, partners, members, independent contractors, and other persons associated
with you or your Cheba Hut Business who may have access to our Confidential Information, and who are
not required to sign a System Protection Agreement, sign and send us a Confidentiality Agreement before
having access to our Confidential Information. You must use your best efforts to ensure that these
individuals comply with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreements, and you must immediately notify us
of any breach that comes to your attention. You agree to reimburse us for all reasonable expenses that we
incur in enforcing a Confidentiality Agreement, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs.

                 14.6. Covenants Reasonable. You and the Owners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the
terms of this Franchise Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; (ii) our use
and enforcement of covenants similar to those described above with respect to other Cheba Hut franchisees
benefits you and the Owners in that it prevents others from unfairly competing with your Cheba Hut
Business; and (iii) you and the Owners have sufficient resources and business experience and opportunities
to earn an adequate living while complying with the terms of this Franchise Agreement. You and the
Owners hereby waive any right to challenge the terms of this Section 14 as being overly broad,
unreasonable, or otherwise unenforceable.

                  14.7. Breach of Covenants. You and the Owners agree that failure to comply with the
terms of this Section 14 will cause substantial and irreparable damage to us and/or other Cheba Hut
franchisees for which there is no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, you and the Owners agree that any
violation of the terms of this Section 14 will entitle us to injunctive relief. We may apply for such injunctive
relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at
equity or law, and the sole remedy of yours, in the event of the entry of such injunction, will be the
dissolution of such injunction, if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of
the wrongful issuance of any such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing
of a bond notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not
exceed $1,000. None of the remedies available to us under this Franchise Agreement are exclusive of any
other, but may be combined with others under this Franchise Agreement, or at law or in equity, including
injunctive relief, specific performance, and recovery of monetary damages. Any claim, defense, or cause
of action that you or an Owner may have against us, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a
defense against our enforcement of this Section 14.

                 14.8. Ownership of Public Companies. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section
14, you and your Owners will have the right to own up to five percent (5%) of any publicly-held company
or mutual fund that owns, operates, has an interest in, or controls any Competitive Business, provided that
such company has a class of securities that is publicly traded on a national exchange or quotation system
and is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

           15.      YOUR OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES

               15.1. Insurance. Before your Cheba Hut Restaurant first opens for business, you will
obtain insurance in the types and amounts specified herein. Your insurance policies (except for
employment liability insurance policies) must designate us, our directors, officers, employees, agents and



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-20
[2025 FA v1F]
other designees as additional named insureds, and your policies must provide that the insurer will not cancel
or materially alter the policies without giving us at least 30 days’ prior written notice. You will maintain
all required insurance in force during the Term of this Franchise Agreement, and you will obtain and
maintain any additional or substituted insurance coverage, limits and amounts as we may periodically
require. Your compliance with these insurance provisions does not relieve you of any liability under any
indemnity provisions of this Franchise Agreement.

                  We currently require you to maintain the following insurance coverages: (1) commercial
general liability insurance with limits of at least $2 million per occurrence, at least $4 million aggregate,
and at least $2 million per person, with $5,000 per person medical benefits, and a maximum deductible of
$2,500; (2) all risks coverage insurance on all furniture, fixtures, equipment, inventory, supplies and other
property used in the operation of the Cheba Hut Restaurant (including flood and/or earthquake coverage
where there are known risks) for full replacement value; (3) workers compensation insurance consistent
with applicable law; and (4) data theft and cybersecurity. Our insurance requirements are subject to change
during the Term of this Franchise Agreement, and you agree to comply with each such change. You agree
to provide us with proof of coverage prior to opening, within ten days of any renewal of a policy, and at
any other time on demand. You agree to obtain these insurance policies from insurance carriers that are
rated “A” or better by Alfred M. Best & Company, Inc. and that are licensed and admitted in the state in
which you operate your Cheba Hut Business. All insurance policies (except for employment liability
insurance policies) must be endorsed to: (i) name us (and our members, officers, directors, and employees)
as additional insureds; (ii) contain a waiver by the insurance carrier of all subrogation rights against us; and
(iii) provide that we receive ten days’ prior written notice of the termination, expiration, cancellation, or
modification of the policy. If any of your policies fail to meet these criteria, then we may disapprove the
policy and you must immediately find additional coverage with an alternative carrier satisfactory to us.
Upon ten days’ notice to you, we may increase the minimum protection requirement as of the renewal date
of any policy and require different or additional types of insurance at any time, including excess liability
(umbrella) insurance, to reflect inflation, identification of special risks, changes in law or standards or
liability, higher damage awards, or other relevant changes in circumstances. If you fail to maintain any
required insurance coverage, we have the right to obtain the coverage on your behalf (which right shall be
at our option and in addition to our other rights and remedies in this Franchise Agreement), and you must
promptly sign all applications and other forms and instruments required to obtain the insurance and pay to
us, within ten days after invoicing, all costs and premiums that we incur, plus a twenty percent (20%)
administrative surcharge.

                 15.2. Books and Records. You agree to prepare and maintain at your Cheba Hut
Restaurant for at least five years after their preparation, complete and accurate books, records, accounts,
and tax returns pertaining to your Cheba Hut Business. You must send us copies of your books and records
within seven days of our request. You are required to purchase, maintain and use an accounting software
program approved by us for all accounting and records for your Cheba Hut Business.

                 15.3. Reports. You will prepare written periodic reports, in the forms that we require,
containing the information we require about your operations during each reporting period. You will submit
all required weekly reports by Wednesday each week for the preceding business week (Monday through
Sunday). We may modify the deadline days and times for submission of all reports. You will submit all
required semi-monthly reports to us within 15 days after the semi-monthly period to which they relate. You
will submit all required monthly reports to us within 15 days after the month to which they relate, and all
other reports within the time period required by the Brand Standards Manual. If you do not submit the
monthly reports to us within five days of the request, we will debit your Account a late fee of $100 per
occurrence and $100 per week until you submit the required report. You will prepare and submit other
reports and information about your operations as we may reasonably request in writing or as required by
the Brand Standards Manual. We may require, at our option, that certain reports you are required to submit



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-21
[2025 FA v1F]
be certified as accurate and complete by you, your Owners or your chief financial officer, and that certain
reports be submitted using the formats and communication media that we specify. If requested by us, your
profit and loss statements and balance sheets must be certified by a certified public accountant at your
expense and you will cause your certified public accountant, if any, to consult with us concerning such
statements and balance sheets at your cost.

                 15.4. Financial and Tax Statements. You will deliver monthly Financial Statements
to us within 20 days of the end of each calendar month, which must be certified by you as complete and
accurate. You must also prepare annual Financial Statements within 45 days of the end of your fiscal year.
All Financial Statements must be in the form specified by us and must conform to our standard chart of
accounts as prescribed by us. You must also provide us with complete signed copies of all state sales tax
returns and state and federal income tax returns covering the operation of the Cheba Hut Business within
30 days of filing. If you do not submit the Financial Statements or tax returns to us by the deadline, you
will be required to pay a late fee of $100 per occurrence and $100 per week until you submit required
Financial Statements or tax returns.

                 15.5. Legal Compliance. You are solely responsible for complying with all applicable
tax laws in connection with the operation of the Cheba Hut Business. You must secure and maintain in
force all required licenses, permits, and regulatory approvals for the operation of your Cheba Hut Business
and operate and manage your Cheba Hut Business in full compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances,
rules, and regulations. You must notify us in writing within two business days of the beginning of any
action, suit, investigation, or proceeding, or of the issuance of any order, writ, injunction, disciplinary
action, award or decree of any court, agency, or other governmental instrumentality, which may adversely
affect the operation of your Cheba Hut Business or your financial condition. You must immediately deliver
to us a copy of any inspection report, warning, certificate, or rating by any governmental agency involving
any health or safety law, rule, or regulation that reflects your failure to fully comply with the law, rule, or
regulation.

                  You and your Owners agree to comply, and to assist us to the fullest extent possible in our
efforts to comply, with Anti-Terrorism Laws (defined below). In connection with that compliance, you and
your Owners certify, represent, and warrant that none of your property or interests is subject to being
blocked under, and that you and your Owners otherwise are not in violation of, any of the Anti-Terrorism
Laws. “Anti-Terrorism Laws” mean Executive Order 13224 issued by the President of the United States,
the USA PATRIOT Act, and all other present and future federal, state, and local laws, ordinances,
regulations, policies, lists, and other requirements of any governmental authority addressing or in any way
relating to terrorist acts and acts of war. Any violation of the Anti-Terrorism Laws by you or your Owners,
or any blocking of your or your Owners’ assets under the Anti-Terrorism Laws, shall constitute good cause
for immediate termination of this Franchise Agreement.

                 15.6. Photo/Video Release. You acknowledge and authorize us to use your likeness in
a photograph in any and all of our publications, including printed and digital publications and on
websites. You agree and understand that any photograph using your likeness will become our property and
will not be returned. You agree and irrevocably authorize us to edit, alter, copy, exhibit, publish or
distribute any photograph of you for any lawful purpose. You agree and waive any rights to royalties or
any other compensation related to our use of any photograph of you. You agree to hold harmless and
forever discharge us from all claims, demands, and causes of action which you may have in connection
with this authorization.

                 15.7. Alcoholic Beverages. You must obtain a retail alcoholic beverage license under
state and local law, regulations and ordinances. You agree to comply with all applicable federal, state,




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-22
[2025 FA v1F]
municipal licensing, insurance and other laws and regulations applicable to the sale of alcoholic beverages
and to obtain the liquor liability insurance requirements set forth in the Brand Standards Manual.

           16.      INSPECTION AND AUDIT

                 16.1. Inspections. To ensure compliance with this Franchise Agreement, we or our
representatives will have the right to enter your Cheba Hut Restaurant, evaluate your operations, and inspect
or examine your books, records, accounts, and tax returns. Our evaluation may include watching or
participating during business hours. We may conduct our evaluation at any time and without prior notice.
During the course of our inspections, we and our representatives will use reasonable efforts to minimize
our interference with the operation of your Cheba Hut Business, and you and your employees will cooperate
and not interfere with our inspection. You consent to us accessing your computer system and retrieving
any information that we deem appropriate in conducting the inspection.

                 16.2. Audit. We have the right, at any time, to have an independent audit made of your
books and financial records. You agree to fully cooperate with us and any third parties that we hire to
conduct the audit. If an audit reveals an understatement of your Net Sales or any amount that you owe us,
you agree to immediately pay to us any additional fees that you owe us, together with any late fee payable
pursuant to Section 13.6. Any audit will be performed at our cost and expense unless the audit: (i) is
necessitated by your failure to provide the information requested or to preserve records or file reports as
required by this Franchise Agreement; or (ii) reveals an understatement of any amount due to us by at least
one and one-half (1.5%) percent in any week, in which case you agree to reimburse us for the cost of the
audit and inspection, including, without limitation, reasonable accounting and attorney fees and travel and
lodging expenses that we or our representatives incur. The audit cost reimbursements will be due ten days
after invoicing. We shall not be deemed to have waived our right to terminate this Franchise Agreement
by accepting reimbursements of our audit costs.

           17.      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

                  17.1. Ownership and Use of Intellectual Property. You acknowledge that: (i) we and
our affiliates own and/or hold legal rights to the Intellectual Property and the goodwill associated with the
Marks; (ii) your right to use the Intellectual Property is derived solely from this Franchise Agreement; and
(iii) your right to use the Intellectual Property is limited to a license granted by us to operate your Cheba
Hut Business during the Term pursuant to, and only in compliance with, this Franchise Agreement, the
Brand Standards Manual, and all applicable standards, specifications, and operating procedures that we
prescribe from time to time. You may not use any of the Intellectual Property in connection with the sale
of any unauthorized product or service, or in any other manner not expressly authorized by us. Any
unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property constitutes an infringement of our rights. You agree to comply
with all provisions of the Brand Standards Manual governing your use of the Intellectual Property. This
Franchise Agreement does not confer to you any goodwill, title, or interest in any of the Intellectual
Property.

                  17.2. Changes to Intellectual Property. We have the right to modify the Intellectual
Property at any time in our sole and absolute discretion, including by changing the Marks, the System, the
Copyrights, or the Confidential Information. If we modify or discontinue use of any of the Intellectual
Property, then you must comply with any such instructions from us within 30 days at your expense. We
will not be liable to you for any expenses, losses, or damages that you incur (including the loss of any
goodwill associated with a Mark) because of any addition, modification, substitution, or discontinuation of
the Intellectual Property.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-23
[2025 FA v1F]
                   17.3. Use of Marks. You agree to use the Marks as the sole identification of your Cheba
Hut Business; provided, however that you must identify yourself as the independent owner of your Cheba
Hut Business in the manner that we prescribe. You may not use any Marks in any modified form or as part
of any corporate or trade name or with any prefix, suffix, or other modifying words, terms, designs, or
symbols (other than logos licensed to you by this Franchise Agreement). You agree to: (i) prominently
display the Marks on or in connection with any media advertising, promotional materials, posters and
displays, receipts, stationery, and forms that we designate and in the manner that we prescribe to give notice
of trade and service mark registrations and copyrights; and (ii) obtain any fictitious or assumed name
registrations required under applicable law. You may not use the Marks in signing any contract, lease,
mortgage, check, purchase agreement, negotiable instrument, or other legal obligation or in any manner
that is likely to confuse or result in liability to us for any indebtedness or obligation of yours.

                  17.4. Use of Confidential Information. We will disclose the Confidential Information
to you in the initial training program, the Brand Standards Manual, the Guru Guide, and in other guidance
furnished to you during the Term. You agree that you will not acquire any interest in the Confidential
Information other than the right to utilize it in strict accordance with the terms of this Franchise Agreement
in the development and operation of your Cheba Hut Business. You acknowledge that the Confidential
Information is proprietary and is disclosed to you solely for use in the development and operation of your
Cheba Hut Business during the Term.

                 17.5. Improvements. If you conceive of or develop any improvements or additions to
the marketing, method of operation, or the products or services offered by a Cheba Hut Business
(collectively, “Improvements”), you agree to promptly and fully disclose the Improvements to us without
disclosing the Improvements to others. You must obtain our approval prior to using any such Improvements.
Any Improvement that we approve may be used by us and any third parties that we authorize to operate a
Cheba Hut Business, without any obligation to pay you royalties or other fees. You must assign to us or
our designee, without charge, all rights to any such Improvement, including the right to grant sublicenses.
In return, we will authorize you to use any Improvements that we or other franchisees develop that we
authorize for general use in connection with the operation of a Cheba Hut Business.

                 17.6. Notification of Infringements and Claims. You must immediately notify us of
any: (i) apparent infringement of any of the Intellectual Property; (ii) challenge to your use of any of the
Intellectual Property; or (iii) claim by any person of any rights in any of the Intellectual Property. You may
not communicate with any person other than us and our counsel in connection with any such infringement,
challenge, or claim. We will have sole discretion to take such action as we deem appropriate. We have the
right to exclusively control any litigation, Patent and Trademark Office proceeding, or other proceeding
arising out of any such infringement, challenge, or claim. You agree to execute any and all instruments and
documents, render such assistance, and do such acts and things as may, in the opinion of our counsel, be
necessary or advisable to protect and maintain our interest in any such litigation, Patent and Trademark
Office proceeding, or other proceeding, or to otherwise protect and maintain our interest in the Intellectual
Property. We have no obligation to indemnify you against, and reimburse you for, any expenses or damages
in any administrative or judicial proceeding involving the use of our Marks or other Intellectual Property.

           18.      INDEMNITY.

                 You agree to indemnify the Indemnified Parties and hold them harmless for, from, and
against any and all Losses and Expenses incurred by any of them as a result of or in connection with any of
the following: (i) the marketing, use, or operation of your Cheba Hut Business or your performance and/or
breach of any of your obligations under this Franchise Agreement; (ii) any Claim relating to taxes or
penalties assessed by any governmental entity against us that are directly related to your failure to pay or
perform functions required of you under this Franchise Agreement; (iii) any labor, employment, or similar



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-24
[2025 FA v1F]
type of Claim pertaining to your employees, including claims alleging that we are a joint employer of your
employees; and (iv) any actions, investigations, rulings, or proceedings conducted by any state or federal
agency relating to your employees, including, without limitation, the United States Department of Labor,
the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the National Labor Relations Board; (v) your failure
to pay the monies payable to any Indemnified Party pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, or to do and
perform any other act, matter, or thing required by the Franchise Agreement; or (vi) any action by an
Indemnified Party to obtain performance by you of any act, matter, or thing required by the Franchise
Agreement. You and your Owners agree to give us notice of any action, suit, proceeding, claim, demand,
inquiry, or investigation described above. The Indemnified Parties shall have the right, in their sole
discretion to: (i) retain counsel of their own choosing to represent them with respect to any Claim; and (ii)
control the response thereto and the defense thereof, including the right to enter into an agreement to settle
such Claim. You may participate in such defense at your own expense. You agree to give your full
cooperation to the Indemnified Parties in assisting the Indemnified Parties with the defense of any such
Claim, and to reimburse the Indemnified Parties for all of their costs and expenses in defending any such
Claim, including court costs and reasonable attorney fees, within ten days of the date of each invoice
delivered by such Indemnified Party to you enumerating such costs, expenses, and attorney fees.

           19.      TRANSFERS

                  19.1. By Us. This Franchise Agreement and the Franchise is fully assignable by us
(without prior notice to you) and shall inure to the benefit of any assignee(s) or other legal successor(s) to
our interest in this Franchise Agreement, provided that we shall, subsequent to any such assignment, remain
liable for the performance of our obligations under this Franchise Agreement up to the effective date of the
assignment. We may also delegate some or all of our obligations under this Franchise Agreement to one
or more persons without assigning the Franchise Agreement.

                 19.2. By You. You understand that the rights and duties created by this Franchise
Agreement are personal to you and the Owners and that we have granted the Franchise in reliance upon the
individual or collective character, skill, aptitude, attitude, business ability, and financial capacity of you and
your Owners. Because this Franchise Agreement is a personal services contract, neither you nor any Owner
may engage in any Transfer without our prior written approval. Any Transfer without our approval shall
be void and constitute a breach of this Franchise Agreement. We will not unreasonably withhold our
approval of any proposed Transfer, provided that the following conditions are all satisfied:

                            (i)      you have provided us with written notice of the proposed Transfer at least
           45 days prior to the transaction;

                          (ii)    the proposed transferee is, in our opinion, an individual of good moral
           character who has sufficient business experience, aptitude, and financial resources to own and
           operate a Cheba Hut Business and otherwise meets all of our then-applicable standards for
           franchisees;

                          (iii)    all of your monetary obligations to us have been paid in full and you and
           your Owners are in full compliance with the terms of this Franchise Agreement and all other
           agreements with us or our affiliate;

                           (iv)     all of the owners of the transferee have successfully completed, or made
           arrangements to attend, the initial training program (and the transferee has paid us the training fee
           for each new person who must attend training);




{00184644.DOCX. }                                      A-25
[2025 FA v1F]
                             (v)      your landlord consents to your assignment of the lease to the transferee, or
           the transferee is diligently pursuing an approved substitute location within the Territory;

                          (vi)    the transferee and its owners, to the extent necessary, have obtained all
           licenses and permits required by applicable law in order to own and operate the Cheba Hut
           Business;

                             (vii)  the transferee and its owners sign our then-current form of franchise
           agreement and related documents, including but limited to our then-current form of Owner’s
           Agreement or other guaranty (unless we, in our sole discretion, instruct you to assign this Franchise
           Agreement to the transferee), except that: (a) the Term and renewal term(s) shall be the Term and
           renewal term(s) remaining under this Franchise Agreement; and (b) the transferee need not pay a
           separate Initial Franchise Fee;

                         (viii) you must remodel your Cheba Hut Restaurant in accordance with Section
           12.9 to comply with our then-current standards and specifications, or you obtain a written
           commitment from the transferee to do so;

                            (ix)    you or the transferee pays us a transfer fee equal to $10,000, payable as
           follows: (a) $1,000 non-refundable deposit at the time of your transfer application request, and (b)
           $9,000 shall be due at the time of the approved transfer;

                            (x)     you and your Owners sign a General Release for all known and unknown
           claims against us, our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective members, officers,
           directors, agents and employees arising before or contemporaneously with the Transfer;

                           (xi)    you enter into an agreement with us to subordinate the transferee’s
           obligations to you to the transferee’s financial obligations owed to us pursuant to the Franchise
           Agreement;

                            (xii)   we do not elect to exercise our right of first refusal described in Section
           19.5;

                            (xiii) you or the transferring Owner, as applicable, and the transferee have
           satisfied any other conditions we reasonably require as a condition to our approval of the Transfer;
           and

                           (xiv) you must reimburse us for all costs that we incur as a result of the Transfer
           including but not limited to broker fees, commissions, finder’s fees or other placement fees.

                Our consent to a Transfer shall not constitute a waiver of any claims we may have against
you or your Owners, nor shall it be deemed a waiver of our right to demand exact compliance with any of
the terms or conditions of the franchise agreement by the transferee.

                19.3. Transfer to Entity. If you are an individual or general partnership, you may
transfer your ownership interests to an Entity provided that the Owner or Owners of the Entity are the same
persons who signed this Franchise Agreement, provided that you comply with all conditions set forth in
Section 19.2. Our right of first refusal in Section 19.5 will not apply for a Transfer conducted under this
Section 19.5 and you must reimburse us for all of our fees and costs, including attorney fees, associated
with your Transfer to the Entity.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-26
[2025 FA v1F]
                  19.4. Death or Disability of an Owner. Upon the death or Permanent Disability (as
defined below) of an Owner, the Owner’s ownership interest in you or the Franchise, as applicable, must
be assigned to another Owner or to a third party approved by us within 180 days of such Owner’s death or
disability. For purposes of this Section, “Permanent Disability” shall mean any physical, emotional or
mental injury, illness or incapacity that prevents the person from substantially complying with his or her
obligations under this Franchise Agreement or otherwise operating the Cheba Hut Business in the manner
required by this Franchise Agreement and the Brand Standards Manual for a continuous period of at least
three months, and from which recovery from three months from the date of determination of disability is
unlikely. If the parties disagree as to whether a person is Permanently Disabled, the existence of Permanent
Disability will be determined by a licensed practicing physician selected by us, upon examination of the
person; or if the person refuses to submit to an examination, then (for the purpose of this Section 19.4) the
person automatically will be considered disabled as of the date of refusal. You must promptly notify us of
any death or Permanent Disability of an Owner within 15 days of its occurrence. Your estate or legal
representative must apply to us for the right to Transfer to another Owner or third party within 120 calendar
days after you or your Owner’s death or Permanent Disability. We may appoint an Interim Manager and
charge you the applicable fee under Section 8.4 if the death or Permanent Disability of any Owner or
ownership interest in you or the Franchise has any impact on the Cheba Hut Business.

                  19.5. Our Right of First Refusal. If you or an Owner desires to engage in a Transfer,
you or the Owner, as applicable, must obtain a bona fide, signed written offer from the fully disclosed
purchaser and submit an exact copy of the offer to us. We will have 30 days after receipt of the offer to
decide whether we will purchase the Cheba Hut Business. If we notify you that we intend to purchase the
business within the 30-day period, you or the Owner, as applicable, must sell the Cheba Hut Business to
us. We will have at least an additional 30 days to conduct a due diligence review and to prepare for closing.
You agree to provide us with all information and records that we request concerning the Cheba Hut Business
and we will have the absolute right to terminate the obligation to purchase the Cheba Hut Business for any
reason during the due diligence period. You and we will act in good faith to agree on the terms and
conditions of the written offer and closing will take place on the 61st day following receipt of your offer.
We will be entitled to receive from you or the Owner, as applicable, all customary representations and
warranties given by you as the seller of the assets or the Owner as the seller of the ownership interest or, at
our election, the representations and warranties contained in the offer. If we do not exercise our right of
first refusal, you or the Owner, as applicable, may complete the Transfer to the purchaser pursuant to and
on the terms of the offer, subject to the requirements of Section 19.2 (including our approval of the
transferee). However, if the sale to the purchaser is not completed within 120 days after delivery of the
offer to us, or there is a material change in the terms of the sale, we will again have the right of first refusal
specified in this Section.

           20.      TERMINATION

                 20.1. By You. You may terminate this Franchise Agreement if we materially breach
this Franchise Agreement and fail to cure the breach within 30 days after you send us a written notice
specifying the nature of the breach. If you terminate this Franchise Agreement, you must still comply with
your post-termination obligations described in Section 21 and all other obligations that survive the
expiration or termination of this Franchise Agreement.

                 20.2. Termination by Us without Cure Period. We may, in our sole discretion,
terminate this Franchise Agreement immediately upon written notice to you, without opportunity to cure,
for any of the following reasons, all of which constitute material events of default under this Franchise
Agreement:




{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-27
[2025 FA v1F]
                           (i)      if you or the Managing Operator fails to satisfactorily complete the initial
           training program;

                           (ii)     if you fail to obtain our approval of your site within the time period
           required;

                           (iii)    if you fail to secure a fully executed lease and Lease Addendum within the
           time period required;

                           (iv)     if you fail to open your Cheba Hut Business within the time period
           required;

                            (v)      if you become insolvent by reason of your inability to pay your debts as
           they become due or you file a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or any pleading seeking any
           reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, or composition or other settlement with creditors under any
           law, or are the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy (which may or may not be enforceable under
           the Bankruptcy Act of 1978);

                            (vi)     if your Cheba Hut Business, or a substantial portion of the assets
           associated with your Cheba Hut Business, are seized, taken over, or foreclosed by a government
           official in the exercise of his or her duties, or seized, taken over, or foreclosed by a creditor,
           lienholder, or lessor; or a final judgment against you remains unsatisfied for 30 days (unless a
           supersedes or other appeal bond has been filed); or a levy of execution has been made upon the
           license granted by this Franchise Agreement or upon any property used in your Cheba Hut
           Business, and it is not discharged within five days of the levy;

                           (vii)  if you abandon or fail to operate your Cheba Hut Business for three
           consecutive business days, unless the failure is due to an event of force majeure or another reason
           that we approve;

                           (viii) if a regulatory authority suspends or revokes a license or permit held by
           you or an Owner that is required to operate the Cheba Hut Business, even if you or the Owner still
           maintain appeal rights;

                           (ix)    if you or an Owner: (a) is convicted of or pleads no contest to a felony, a
           crime involving moral turpitude, or any crime which impairs the reputation of the System or the
           goodwill associated with the Marks; (b) is subject to any administrative disciplinary action; or (c)
           fails to comply with any federal, state, or local law or regulation applicable to your Cheba Hut
           Business;

                            (x)     if you or an Owner commits an act that can reasonably be expected to
           adversely affect the reputation of the System or the goodwill associated with the Marks;

                            (xi)     if you manage or operate your Cheba Hut Business in a manner that
           presents a health or safety hazard to your customers, employees, or the public;

                           (xii)    if you or an Owner make any material misrepresentation to us, whether
           occurring before or after being granted the Franchise;

                            (xiii) if you fail to pay any amount owed to us or an affiliate of ours within ten
           (10) days after receipt of a demand for payment;



{00184644.DOCX. }                                      A-28
[2025 FA v1F]
                           (xiv) if you understate or underreport any amount owed to us by at least three
           percent (3%), after having already committed a similar breach that had been cured;

                          (xv)     if you make an unauthorized Transfer;

                          (xvi)    if you make an unauthorized use of the Intellectual Property;

                          (xvii)   if you breach any of the brand protection covenants;

                          (xviii) if any Owner, or the spouse of any Owner, breaches an Owners
           Agreement;

                          (xix) you commit a default of any obligation under this Franchise Agreement
           and have previously received two or more written notices of default from us within the preceding
           12 months, regardless of whether any default is cured;

                          (xx)     if the lease for your Cheba Hut Restaurant is terminated due to your
           default; or

                           (xxi) if we terminate any other agreement between you and us or if any affiliate
           of ours terminates any agreement between you and the affiliate because of your default.

                  20.3. Additional Conditions of Termination. In addition to our termination rights in
Section 20.2, we may, in our sole discretion, terminate this Franchise Agreement upon 30 days’ written
notice if you or an Owner fails to comply with any other provision of this Franchise Agreement (including
any mandatory provision in the Brand Standards Manual) or any other agreement with us, unless such
default is cured, as determined by us in our sole discretion, within such 30-day notice period, each of which
shall constitute a material event of default under this Franchise Agreement. If we deliver a notice of default
to you pursuant to this Section 20.3, we may suspend performance of any of our obligations under this
Franchise Agreement until you fully cure the breach.

                 20.4. Mutual Agreement to Terminate. If you and we mutually agree in writing to
terminate this Franchise Agreement, you and we will be deemed to have waived any required notice period.

                 20.5. Liquidated Damages. Upon termination of this Franchise Agreement according
to its terms and conditions, you agree to pay to us within 15 days after the effective date of this Franchise
Agreement’s termination, in addition to the amounts owed hereunder, liquidated damages equal to the
average monthly Royalties and Brand Fund Contributions you paid during the total months of operation
preceding the effective date of termination multiplied by: (a) 36 (being the number of months in three full
years); or (b) the number of months remaining in the Franchise Agreement had it not been terminated,
whichever is higher, but in no case will such damages be less than $30,000.

                You and we acknowledge and agree that it would be impracticable to determine precisely
the damages we would incur from this Franchise Agreement’s termination and the loss of cash flow from
Royalties due to, among other things, the complications of determining what costs, if any, we might have
saved and how much the Royalties would have grown over what would have been this Franchise
Agreement’s remaining term. You and we consider this liquidated damages provision to be a reasonable,
good faith pre-estimate of those damages.

                  The liquidated damages provision only covers our damages from the loss of cash flow from
the Royalties. It does not cover any other damages, including damages to our reputation with the public and



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-29
[2025 FA v1F]
landlords and damages arising from a violation of any provision of this Franchise Agreement other than the
Royalty section. You and each of your Owners agree that the liquidated damages provision does not give
us an adequate remedy at law for any default under, or for the enforcement of, any provision of this
Franchise Agreement other than the Royalty section.

           21.      POST-TERM OBLIGATIONS

                 21.1. Obligations of You and the Owners. After the termination, expiration, or
Transfer of this Franchise Agreement, you and the Owners agree to:

                            (i)     immediately cease to use the Intellectual Property;

                            (ii)    pay us all amounts that you owe us;

                           (iii)    comply with all covenants described in Section 14 that apply after the
           expiration, termination, or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement or the disposal of an ownership
           interest by an Owner;

                            (iv)     return all copies of the Brand Standards Manual, the Guru Guide, or any
           portions thereof, as well as all signs, sign faces, brochures, advertising and promotional materials,
           forms, and any other materials bearing or containing any of the Marks, Copyrights, or other
           identification relating to a Cheba Hut Business, unless we allow you to transfer such items to an
           approved transferee;

                          (v)    return all copies of any software we license to you (and delete all such
           software from your computer memory and storage);

                          (vi)     take such action as may be required to cancel all fictitious or assumed
           names or equivalent registrations relating to your use of any of the Marks;

                             (vii)  make such modifications and alterations to the premises that are necessary
           or that we require to prevent any association between us or the System and any business
           subsequently operated by you or any third party at the premises including the removal of all trade-
           dress, artwork and murals; provided, however, that this subsection shall not apply if your Franchise
           is transferred to an approved transferee or if we exercise our right to purchase your entire Cheba
           Hut Business. If you fail to do so, you must pay us any expenses we incur to de-identify your
           Cheba Hut Business;

                             (viii) notify all telephone companies, listing agencies, and domain name
           registration companies (collectively, the “Agencies”) of the termination or expiration of your right
           to use: (a) the telephone numbers and/or domain names, if applicable, related to the operation of
           your Cheba Hut Business; and (b) any regular, classified, or other telephone directory listings
           associated with the Marks (you hereby authorize the Agencies to transfer such telephone numbers,
           domain names, and listings to us and you authorize us, and appoint us and any officer we designate
           as your attorney-in-fact to direct the Agencies to transfer the telephone numbers, domain names,
           and listings to us if you fail or refuse to do so); and

                           (ix)    provide us with satisfactory evidence of your compliance with the above
           obligations within 30 days after the effective date of the termination, expiration, or Transfer of this
           Franchise Agreement.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-30
[2025 FA v1F]
                    21.2.   Right to Purchase Facility and Assets.

                             21.2.1. Generally. Upon the termination or expiration of this Franchise
           Agreement, we shall have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase your Cheba Hut Restaurant
           and/or its assets at fair market value as ascertained by an independent business appraiser. If we
           elect to exercise this option, the date of determination of the fair market value shall be the effective
           date of the termination or expiration of this Franchise Agreement (“Appraisal Date”) and, if we
           elect to make such purchase, we shall give you notice of our intent within 30 days following
           termination or expiration. We will notify you of the specific items that we wish to purchase
           (“Acquired Assets”). We may also require that you assign your lease to us at no additional charge.

                             21.2.2. Selecting Qualified Appraisers. You and we each shall appoint an
           appraiser with experience appraising businesses comparable to your Cheba Hut Business in the
           United States (“Qualified Appraiser”). This appointment of the appraisers shall be made within 30
           days after the Appraisal Date by giving written notice to the other party of the name and address of
           the Qualified Appraiser. If either of us fails to appoint a Qualified Appraiser within the 30-day
           period, the appraisal shall be made by the sole Qualified Appraiser appointed within that period. If
           each of us shall have appointed a Qualified Appraiser within the 30-day period, then within 30 days
           after that the two Qualified Appraisers shall appoint a third Qualified Appraiser. If the two
           Qualified Appraisers fail to agree on the appointment of a third Qualified Appraiser within the 30-
           day period, then a third Qualified Appraiser shall be appointed by the American Arbitration
           Association (acting through its office located closest to our corporate headquarters) as promptly as
           possible after that, upon application by either us or you. Nothing in this provision shall prohibit us
           and you from jointly approving a single appraiser, nor shall it obligate us or you to do so.

                            21.2.3. Information for Appraisal. You must furnish to the Qualified Appraisers
           a copy of your current Financial Statements, as well as your Financial Statements for the prior three
           years (or the period of time that you have operated your Cheba Hut Business, if less than three
           years), together with the work papers and other financial information or other documents or
           information that the Qualified Appraisers may request. The Qualified Appraisers shall take into
           account the other information and factors that they deem relevant, but the Qualified Appraisers
           shall be instructed that there shall be no consideration of goodwill in the determination of fair
           market value.

                             21.2.4. Appraisal Process. Within 60 days after the appointment of the third
           Qualified Appraiser, the three Qualified Appraisers shall appraise the Acquired Assets at fair
           market value without taking into account any value for goodwill (“Appraised Value”). If the three
           Qualified Appraisers agree on a single value, then they shall issue a joint report and the Appraised
           Value shall be the value determined by the agreement of the three Qualified Appraisers. If two of
           the three Qualified Appraisers agree on a single value, these two Qualified Appraisers shall issue a
           joint report, and the dissenting Qualified Appraiser may (but need not) issue a separate report, and
           the value determined by agreement of the two Qualified Appraisers who shall agree shall be the
           Appraised Value. If none of the Qualified Appraisers are able to agree on a single value, each
           Qualified Appraiser shall issue a report setting forth the value determined by him or her, and the
           average of the two values that are closest to each other shall be the Appraised Value. Before the
           issuance of a report by any Qualified Appraiser, each Qualified Appraiser shall advise the others
           of the value that will appear in his or her report to ensure that the determination of value made by
           any Qualified Appraiser is made with knowledge of the values determined by the other Qualified
           Appraisers. If there shall be only a single Qualified Appraiser (because you or we failed to appoint
           a Qualified Appraiser within the time provided or because you and we jointly approved a single




{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-31
[2025 FA v1F]
           appraiser), then the Appraised Value shall be the value determined by the single Qualified
           Appraiser. You and we shall equally bear the cost of the appraisal.

                            21.2.5. Closing. Once the Appraised Value has been determined, we will have
           at least 60 days to prepare for the closing. We will be entitled to receive from you all customary
           representations and warranties given by you as the seller of the Acquired Assets and you must
           transfer good and clean title to the Acquired Assets, subject to any exceptions agreed to by us. We
           may deduct from the Appraised Value all amounts owed to us and our affiliates under this Franchise
           Agreement, any promissory note, and any other agreement between you and us or between you and
           our affiliates.

           22.      DISPUTE RESOLUTION.

                  22.1. Mediation. Without limiting our rights and remedies under Section 20 and except
as set forth in Section 22.3 below, all claims or disputes between you and us or our affiliates arising out of,
or in any way relating to, this Franchise Agreement, or any of the parties’ respective rights and obligations
arising out of this Franchise Agreement, shall be submitted first to non-binding mediation prior to a hearing
in binding arbitration. Such mediation shall take place in the city closest to our principal place of business
(currently Fort Collins, Colorado) under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), or
other mediation service acceptable to us in our sole discretion, in accordance with AAA’s Commercial
Mediation Procedures then in effect. You may not commence any action against us or our affiliates with
respect to any such claim unless mediation proceedings have been terminated either: (i) as the result of a
written declaration of the mediator(s) that further mediation efforts are not worthwhile; or (ii) as a result of
a written declaration by us. The parties shall each bear their own costs of mediation and shall share equally
the filing fee imposed by AAA and the mediator’s fees. We reserve the right to specifically enforce our
right to mediation. Prior to mediation, and before commencing any legal action against us or our affiliates
with respect to any such claim or dispute, you must submit a notice to us, which specifies in detail, the
precise nature and grounds of such claim or dispute. All aspects of the mediation process will be treated as
confidential, will not be disclosed to others, and will not be offered or admissible in any other proceeding
or legal action whatsoever.

                  22.2. Arbitration. If the parties cannot fully resolve and settle a dispute through
mediation as set forth in Section 22.1, all unresolved issues involved in the dispute shall be, at the request
of either party, submitted to final and binding arbitration to be conducted in the city closest to our principal
place of business within the United States (currently Fort Collins, Colorado) by AAA (if AAA or any
successor thereto is no longer in existence at the time arbitration is commenced or is no longer available
for arbitration in such city, you and we will agree on another arbitration organization to conduct the
arbitration proceeding), in accordance with AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and otherwise as set forth
below on an individual basis (not a class action). In any arbitration proceeding, each party will submit or
file any claim that would constitute a compulsory counterclaim (as defined by the then-current Rule 13 of
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) within the same proceeding as the claim it relates to. Any claim that
is not submitted or filed as required is forever barred. Except for claims excluded from mediation and
arbitration herein, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive
authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of
this Franchise Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Franchise
Agreement is void or voidable:

                           (i)      Notice of Arbitration. Either party may initiate the arbitration proceeding
           by making a written demand to the other party, and both parties will then be obligated to engage in
           arbitration. The demand for arbitration must be served on the other party within the period provided
           by the applicable statute of limitations, and must contain a statement setting forth the nature of the



{00184644.DOCX. }                                      A-32
[2025 FA v1F]
           dispute, the amount involved, if any, and the remedies sought. A demand for arbitration will not
           operate to stay, postpone or rescind the effectiveness of any termination of this Franchise
           Agreement. Arbitration will not proceed until any protest of arbitrability is resolved by the
           arbitrator or by an appropriate court, if necessary.

                           (ii)    Selection of Arbitrator. Arbitration will be conducted before a single,
           neutral arbitrator who is familiar with legal disputes of the type at issue and who has franchise
           business or contract experience. The parties will mutually agree on the selection of the arbitrator;
           however, if the parties have not agreed on the selection of an arbitrator within 30 days after the
           arbitration demand, either party may request AAA or successor organization, to appoint a qualified
           arbitrator.

                           (iii)    Discovery. All discovery must be completed within 60 days following
           appointment of an arbitrator, unless otherwise agreed by the parties. Depositions will be limited to
           a maximum of five per party and will be held within 30 days after making a request. Additional
           depositions may be scheduled only with the permission of the arbitrator and for good cause shown.
           Each deposition will be limited to a maximum of six hours duration. Should a dispute arise over
           the extent of or propriety of any discovery request, the arbitrator will make a final determination
           after hearing each party’s position.

                           (iv)     Statement of Case. At least five days before the scheduled hearing, each
           party must deliver to the arbitrator and to the other party a written summary of its position on the
           issues in dispute.

                            (v)      Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator will issue a written decision within
           ten days after conclusion of the hearing, explaining the basis for the decision. Judgment upon the
           decision rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. This decision
           will be binding upon both parties. The arbitrator will have authority to assess actual damages
           sustained by reason of any breach or wrongful termination of this Franchise Agreement, including
           monetary damages and interest on unpaid amounts from date due, specific performance, injunctive
           and declaratory relief, and legal fees and costs, but will not have any authority to amend or modify
           the terms of this Franchise Agreement or to assess exemplary or punitive damages. Except for
           claims excluded from mediation and arbitration herein, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or
           local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the
           interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Franchise Agreement including, but
           not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Franchise Agreement is void or voidable.

                           (vi)     Time Schedule. Any award will be made within nine months of the filing
           of the notice of intention to arbitrate and the arbitrator will agree to comply with this schedule
           before accepting appointment. The parties will use due diligence to meet the foregoing time
           schedule, and the arbitrator will have the right to impose appropriate sanctions against any party
           who fails to comply with the agreed-upon time schedule. The arbitrator will use his best efforts to
           comply with the foregoing time schedule, but may unilaterally modify it if, in his opinion,
           modification is necessary for a proper and just resolution of the dispute. The parties may jointly
           modify the agreed-upon time schedule, subject to the arbitrator's approval.

                            (vii)   Arbitration Expenses. The fees of, and authorized costs incurred by, the
           arbitrator will be shared equally by the parties, and each party will bear all of its own costs of
           arbitration; provided, however, that the arbitration decision will provide that the substantially
           prevailing party will recover from the other party its actual costs and expenses (including




{00184644.DOCX. }                                      A-33
[2025 FA v1F]
           arbitrator’s fees and expenses, and attorney fees and expenses) incurred in connection with the
           dispute.

                            (viii) Confidentiality. Except as required by applicable law, including the
           required disclosure in our franchise disclosure document, the entire arbitration proceedings and
           related documents are confidential. Except as necessary to enforce the decision of the arbitrator
           hereunder, all conduct, statements, promises, offers, views and opinions, whether oral or written,
           made in the course of the arbitration by any of the parties, their agents, employees or representatives
           and by the arbitrator, are confidential. These matters will not be discoverable or admissible for any
           purposes, including impeachment, in any litigation or other proceeding involving the parties, and
           will not be disclosed to anyone who is not an agent, employee, expert witness, or representative for
           any of the parties; however, evidence otherwise discoverable or admissible is not excluded from
           discovery or admission as a result of its use in the arbitration.

                           (ix)     Acknowledgment. The parties acknowledge that nothing herein shall
           delay or otherwise limit our rights and remedies under Section 20 of this Franchise Agreement. A
           notice or request for arbitration or mediation will not operate to stay, postpone, or rescind the
           effectiveness of any demand for performance or notice of termination under this Franchise
           Agreement.

                 22.3. Disputes Not Subject to Mediation or Arbitration. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the following actions will not be subject to mediation or arbitration under Sections 22.1 or 22.2,
and we may immediately file a lawsuit in accordance with this Section 22.3 with respect to any of the
following:

                           (i)      any action that involves an alleged breach of any restrictive covenant
           under Section 14;

                          (ii)     any action petitioning specific performance to enforce your use of the
           Marks or the System or to prevent unauthorized duplication of the Marks or the System;

                            (iii)   any action for equitable relief, including without limitation, seeking
           preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, or other relief in the nature of
           equity to enjoin any harm (or imminent risk of violation or harm) to any of our rights in the
           Intellectual Property, Copyrights, Marks, the System, or in any of our specialized training, trade
           secrets, or other Confidential Information, brought at any time including prior to or during the
           pendency of any mediation or arbitration proceedings under Sections 22.1 or 22.2;

                            (iv)    any action seeking compliance with post-termination obligations set forth
           in Section 21; or

                            (v)     any action in ejectment or for possession of any interest in real or personal
           property.

                 22.4. Venue. All mediation and arbitration shall take place exclusively in Fort Collins,
Colorado (or where our then-current principal place of business is located). In the event of a lawsuit, if
permitted under Section 22.3, such litigation shall take place in the state or federal court nearest to our
principal place of business (currently, Fort Collins, Colorado). We and you do hereby agree and submit to
personal jurisdiction by these courts in the State of Colorado and do hereby irrevocably waive any rights to
contest venue as stated in this Section 22.3.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                       A-34
[2025 FA v1F]
                  22.5. Fees and Costs. If we or you must enforce this Franchise Agreement in an
arbitration or judicial proceeding, the substantially prevailing party will be entitled to reimbursement of its
costs and expenses, including reasonable fees for accountants, attorneys, expert witnesses, costs of
investigations and proof of facts, court costs, travel and living expenses, and other dispute-related expenses.
In addition, if you breach any term of this Franchise Agreement or any other agreement with us or an
affiliate of ours, we will have the right, upon written notice to you, to impose a default fee (currently $100
per occurrence per week), and you agree to reimburse us for all reasonable attorneys’ fees and other
expenses we incur relating to such breach, regardless of whether the breach is cured prior to the
commencement of any dispute resolution proceedings. If there is a mixed decision involving an award of
money or money equivalent and equitable relief, the arbitrator will award the above fees to the party that it
deems has substantially prevailed over the other party using reasonable business and arbitrator’s judgment.
We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to advance your share of the costs of any arbitration proceeding
for such arbitration proceeding to take place, and by doing so will not be deemed to have waived or
relinquished our right to seek recovery of those costs in accordance with this Section 22.5. If either party
commences any legal action or proceeding in any court in contravention of the terms of this Section, that
party shall pay all costs and expenses that the other party incurs in the action or proceeding, including,
without limitation, costs and attorneys’ fees as described in this Section 22.5

            22.6. JURY TRIAL & CLASS ACTION WAIVER.                WE AND YOU
IRREVOCABLY WAIVE: (i) TRIAL BY JURY; AND (ii) THE RIGHT TO ARBITRATE OR LITIGATE
ON A CLASS ACTION BASIS IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR COUNTERCLAIM, WHETHER
AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, BROUGHT BY EITHER OF THE PARTIES.

            22.7. LIMITATION OF ACTIONS AND WAIVER OF PUNITIVE DAMAGES.
WE AND YOU AGREE THAT ANY LEGAL ACTION OF ANY KIND BY A PARTY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATING TO THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OR A DEFAULT OF THIS FRANCHISE
AGREEMENT MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR FROM THE OCCURRENCE OF
THE FACTS GIVING RISE TO ANY SUCH CLAIM OR ACTION OR SUCH CLAIM OR ACTION
WILL BE BARRED PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT THE FORGOING LIMITATION SHALL NOT
APPLY WHERE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TO THE PARTIES INDEMNIFICATION
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OR TO THE EXCEPTIONS IN SECTION
22.3. YOU AND WE, FOR YOURSELVES, OURSELVES AND ON BEHALF OF THE OWNERS
RESPECTIVELY, HEREBY WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, ANY RIGHT TO, OR CLAIM FOR, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES AGAINST THE
OTHER, AND AGREE THAT EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS
FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, IN THE EVENT OF A DISPUTE YOU AND WE SHALL EACH BE
LIMITED TO RECOVERING ONLY THE ACTUAL DAMAGES PROVEN TO BE SUSTAINED ANY
LEGAL ACTION OF ANY KIND.

                22.8. Survival. We and you (and your Owners) agree that the provisions of this Section
22 shall apply during the Term of this Franchise Agreement and following the termination, expiration, or
non-renewal of this Franchise Agreement. We and you agree to fully perform all obligations under this
Franchise Agreement during the entire mediation, arbitration or litigation process.

           23.      SECURITY INTEREST

                 23.1. Collateral. You grant to us a security interest (“Security Interest”) in all of the
furniture, fixtures, equipment, signage, and realty (including your interests under all real property and
personal property leases) of the Cheba Hut Business, together with all similar property now owned or
hereafter acquired, additions, substitutions, replacements, proceeds, and products thereof, wherever located,




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-35
[2025 FA v1F]
used in connection with the Cheba Hut Business. All items in which a security interest is granted are
referred to as the “Collateral.”

                23.2. Indebtedness Secured. The Security Interest is to secure payment of the following
(the “Indebtedness”):

                         (i)      All amounts due under this Franchise Agreement or otherwise by you;

                           (ii)    All sums which we may, at our option, expend or advance for the
      maintenance, preservation, and protection of the Collateral, including, without limitation, payment of
      rent, taxes, levies, assessments, insurance premiums, and discharge of liens, together with interest, or
      any other property given as security for payment of the Indebtedness;

                         (iii)    All expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, which we incur in
      connection with collecting any or all Indebtedness secured hereby or in enforcing or protecting our
      rights under the Security Interest and this Franchise Agreement; and

                            (iv)    All other present or future, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent,
      liabilities, obligations, and indebtedness of you to us or third parties under this Franchise Agreement,
      however created, and specifically including all or part of any renewal or extension of this Franchise
      Agreement, whether or not you execute any extension agreement or Successor Agreement.

               Our security interest, as described herein, shall be subordinated to any financing related to
your operation of the Cheba Hut Business, including, but not limited to, a real property mortgage and
equipment leases.

               23.3. Additional Documents. You will from time to time as required by us join with us
in executing any additional documents and one or more financing statements pursuant to the Uniform
Commercial Code (and any assignments, extensions, or modifications thereof) in form satisfactory to us.

               23.4. Possession of Collateral. Upon default and termination of your rights under this
Franchise Agreement, we shall have the immediate right to possession and use of the Collateral.

                  23.5. Our Remedies in Event of Default. You agree that, upon the occurrence of any
default set forth above, the full amount remaining unpaid on the Indebtedness secured shall, at our option
and without notice, become due and payable immediately, and we shall then have the rights, options, duties,
and remedies of a secured party under, and you shall have the rights and duties of a debtor under, the
Uniform Commercial Code of Colorado (or other applicable law), including, without limitation, our right
to take possession of the Collateral and without legal process to enter any premises where the Collateral
may be found. Any sale of the Collateral may be conducted by us in a commercially reasonable manner.
Reasonable notification of the time and place of any sale shall be satisfied by mailing to you pursuant to
the notice provisions set forth above.

                 23.6. Special Filing as Financing Statement. This Franchise Agreement shall be
deemed a Security Agreement and a Financing Statement. This Franchise Agreement may be filed for
record in the real estate records of each county in which the Collateral, or any part thereof, is situated and
may also be filed as a Financing Statement in the counties or in the office of the Secretary of State, as
appropriate, in respect of those items of Collateral of a kind or character defined in or subject to the
applicable provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the appropriate jurisdiction.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-36
[2025 FA v1F]
     24.   YOUR REPRESENTATIONS. YOU HEREBY REPRESENT THAT: (i) YOU ARE
AWARE OF THE FACT THAT OTHER PRESENT OR FUTURE FRANCHISEES OF OURS MAY
OPERATE UNDER DIFFERENT FORMS OF AGREEMENT AND CONSEQUENTLY THAT OUR
OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO OUR VARIOUS FRANCHISEES MAY DIFFER
MATERIALLY IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES; AND (ii) YOU ARE AWARE OF THE FACT THAT
WE MAY HAVE NEGOTIATED TERMS OR OFFERED CONCESSIONS TO OTHER FRANCHISEES
AND WE HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO OFFER YOU THE SAME OR SIMILAR NEGOTIATED
TERMS OR CONCESSIONS.

           25.      GENERAL PROVISIONS

                25.1. Governing Law. Except as governed by the United States Trademark Act of 1946
(Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 1051, et seq.), this Franchise Agreement and the franchise relationship shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Colorado (without reference to its principles of conflicts of law), but
any law of the State of Colorado that regulates the offer and sale of franchises or business opportunities or
governs the relationship of a franchisor and its franchisee will not apply unless its jurisdictional
requirements are met independently without reference to this Section. Any issue regarding arbitration will
be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and the federal common law of arbitration.

                  25.2. Relationship of the Parties. You are an independent contractor. You will
exercise full and complete control over, and have full responsibility for, all of your contracts, daily
operations, labor relations, employment practices and policies, including the recruitment, selection, hiring,
disciplining, firing, training, compensation, work rules, and schedules of your employees. All employees
or independent contractors hired by or working for you will be your employees or independent contractors
alone and will not, for any purpose, be deemed our employees or subject to our control, most particularly
with respect to any mandated or other insurance coverage, tax or contributions, or requirements pertaining
to withholdings, levied or fixed by any city, state or federal governmental agency. You and we will file
our own tax, regulatory and payroll reports, and be responsible for all employee benefits and workers
compensation payments with respect to our respective employees and operations, and we will save and
indemnify one another of and from any liability of any nature whatsoever by virtue thereof. At all times,
including in connection with all uses of any of the Marks, in connection with the operation of the Cheba
Hut Business, and in connection with all dealings with customers, suppliers, public officials, the general
public, and others, you will conspicuously indicate your status as an independent contractor, including in
all contracts, advertising, publicity, promotional and other marketing materials, and on any signage and
uniforms, and in the manner specified in the Brand Standards Manual or as we otherwise may require. You
will not make any express or implied agreements, guarantees or representations, or incur any debt in our
name or on our behalf. You will not represent that the relationship between you and us is anything other
than a franchise relationship. We will not be obligated by or have any liability under any agreements or
representations made by you, and we will not be obligated for any damages to any person or property
directly or indirectly arising out of your operation of the Cheba Hut Business. You agree that fulfillment
of any and all of our obligations written in the Franchise Agreement, or based on any oral communications
which may be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole responsibility and none of our owners,
officers, agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be personally liable to you for
any reason.

                25.3. Severability and Substitution. Each section, subsection, term, and provision of
this Franchise Agreement, and any portion thereof shall be considered severable. If any applicable and
binding law imposes mandatory, non-waivable terms or conditions that conflict with a provision of this
Franchise Agreement, the terms or conditions required by such law shall govern to the extent of the
inconsistency and supersede the conflicting provision of this Franchise Agreement. If a court concludes
that any promise or covenant in this Franchise Agreement is unreasonable and unenforceable: (i) the court



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-37
[2025 FA v1F]
may modify such promise or covenant to the minimum extent necessary to make such promise or covenant
enforceable; or (ii) we may unilaterally modify such promise or covenant to the minimum extent necessary
to make such promise or covenant enforceable and consistent with the original intent of the parties (i.e., to
provide maximum protection for us and to effectuate your obligations under the Franchise Agreement to
the fullest extent permitted by law), and you agree to be bound by the modified provisions.

                  25.4. Waivers. We and you may, by written instrument, unilaterally waive or reduce
any obligation of or restriction upon the other. Any waiver granted by us shall be without prejudice to any
other rights we may have. We and you shall not be deemed to have waived or impaired any right, power,
or option reserved by this Franchise Agreement (including the right to demand exact compliance with every
term, condition, and covenant in this Franchise Agreement or to declare any breach of this Franchise
Agreement to be a default and to terminate the Franchise before the expiration of its Term) by virtue of:
(i) any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms of this Franchise Agreement; (ii) any
failure, refusal, or neglect of us or you to exercise any right under this Franchise Agreement or to insist
upon exact compliance by the other with its obligations under this Franchise Agreement, including any
mandatory specification, standard, or operating procedure; (iii) any waiver, forbearance, delay, failure, or
omission by us to exercise any right, power, or option, whether of the same, similar, or different nature,
relating to other Cheba Hut franchisees; or (iv) the acceptance by us of any payments due from you after
breach of this Franchise Agreement.

                25.5. Approvals. Whenever this Franchise Agreement requires our approval, you must
make a timely written request for approval, and the approval must be in writing in order to bind us. Except
as otherwise expressly provided in this Franchise Agreement, if we fail to approve any request for approval
within the required period of time, we shall be deemed to have disapproved your request. If we deny
approval and you seek legal redress for the denial, the only relief to which you may be entitled is to acquire
our approval. You are not entitled to any other relief or damages for our denial of approval.

                   25.6. Force Majeure. No party shall be liable for any delay in the fulfillment of or
failure to fulfill its obligations in whole or in part (other than the payment of money as may be owed by a
party) under this Franchise Agreement where the delay or failure is solely due to Force Majeure, as
described below. In the event of Force Majeure, the parties’ obligations shall be extended or relieved only
to the extent the parties are respectively necessarily prevented or delayed in such performance during the
period of such Force Majeure. As used in this Franchise Agreement, the term “Force Majeure” shall mean
any act of God, strike, lock-out or other industrial disturbance, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist
event, riot, epidemic, fire or other catastrophe, act of any government and any other similar cause which
is beyond the party’s control and cannot be overcome by use of normal commercial measures. Force
Majeure should be construed narrowly and does not include general economic, market or societal
conditions, or any changes thereto, even those that are the direct or indirect result of the Force Majeure
event. So, for example, in the event of a temporary government-imposed closure of your Cheba Hut
Business due to a Force Majeure event, you may only be relieved of your obligations as necessary to comply
with the government mandate or order, but not due to the economic or market conditions that result from
that action. The party whose performance is affected by an event of Force Majeure shall give prompt notice
of such Force Majeure event to the other party, which in no case shall be more than 48 hours after the event,
setting forth the nature thereof and an estimate as to its duration, and the affected party shall furnish the
other party with periodic reports regarding the progress of the Force Majeure event. Each party must use
its best efforts to mitigate the effect of the event of Force Majeure upon its performance of the Franchise
Agreement and to fulfill its obligations under the Franchise Agreement. Upon completion of the event of
Force Majeure, the party affected must as soon as reasonably practicable recommence the performance of
its obligations under this Franchise Agreement. However, in the event the Force Majeure continues for a
period of six months or more, then the unaffected party may, at its option, terminate this Franchise
Agreement by 30 days’ written notice to the party asserting such Force Majeure. An event of Force Majeure



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-38
[2025 FA v1F]
does not relieve a party from liability for an obligation which arose before the occurrence of the Force
Majeure event, nor does that event affect any obligation to pay money owed under the Franchise Agreement
or to indemnify us, whether such obligation arose before or after the Force Majeure event. An event of
Force Majeure shall not affect Franchisee’s obligations to comply with any restrictive covenants in this
Franchise Agreement during or after the Force Majeure event.

                25.7. You May Not Withhold Payments. You agree that you will not, on grounds of
the alleged nonperformance by us of any of our obligations hereunder, withhold payment of any Royalty,
Brand Fund Contributions, amounts due to us for purchases by you or any other amounts due to us.

                25.8. Binding Effect. This Franchise Agreement is binding upon the parties to this
Franchise Agreement and their respective executors, administrators, heirs, assigns, and successors in
interest. Nothing in this Franchise Agreement is intended, nor shall be deemed, to confer any rights or
remedies upon any person or legal entity not a party to this Franchise Agreement; provided, however, that
the additional insureds listed in Section 15.1 and the Indemnified Parties are intended third-party
beneficiaries under this Franchise Agreement with respect to Section 18.

                  25.9. Integration. This Franchise Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties and may not be changed except by a written document signed by both parties. Any email
correspondence or other form of informal electronic communication shall not be deemed to modify this
Franchise Agreement unless such communication is signed by both parties and specifically states that it is
intended to modify this Franchise Agreement. The attachment(s) are part of this Franchise Agreement,
which, together with any amendments or addenda executed on or after the Effective Date, constitutes the
entire understanding and agreement of the parties, and there are no other oral or written understandings or
agreements between us and you about the subject matter of this Franchise Agreement. No provision herein
expressly identifying any term or breach of this Franchise Agreement as material shall be construed to
imply that any other term or breach which is not so identified is not material. As referenced above, all
mandatory provisions of the Brand Standards Manual and Guru Guide are part of this Franchise Agreement,
however, notwithstanding the foregoing, we may modify the Brand Standards Manual and Guru Guide at
any time. Any representations not specifically contained in this Franchise Agreement made before entering
into this Franchise Agreement do not survive after the signing of this Franchise Agreement. This provision
is intended to define the nature and extent of the parties’ mutual contractual intent, there being no mutual
intent to enter into contract relations, whether by agreement or by implication, other than as set forth above.
The parties acknowledge that these limitations are intended to achieve the highest possible degree of
certainty in the definition of the contract being formed, in recognition of the fact that uncertainty creates
economic risks for both parties which, if not addressed as provided in this Franchise Agreement, would
affect the economic terms of this bargain. Nothing in this Franchise Agreement is intended to disclaim any
of the representations we made in the Franchise Disclosure Document.

                  25.10. Covenant of Good Faith. If applicable law implies a covenant of good faith and
fair dealing in this Franchise Agreement, the parties agree that the covenant shall not imply any rights or
obligations that are inconsistent with a fair construction of the terms of this Franchise Agreement.
Additionally, if applicable law shall imply the covenant, you agree that: (i) this Franchise Agreement (and
the relationship of the parties that is inherent in this Franchise Agreement) grants us the discretion to make
decisions, take actions, and/or refrain from taking actions not inconsistent with our explicit rights and
obligations under this Franchise Agreement that may affect favorably or adversely your interests; (ii) we
will use our judgment in exercising the discretion based on our assessment of our own interests and
balancing those interests against the interests of our franchisees generally (including ourselves and our
affiliates if applicable), and specifically without considering your individual interests or the individual
interests of any other particular franchisee; (iii) we will have no liability to you for the exercise of our
discretion in this manner, so long as the discretion is not exercised in bad faith; and (iv) in the absence of



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-39
[2025 FA v1F]
bad faith, no trier of fact in any arbitration or litigation shall substitute its judgment for our judgment so
exercised.

               25.11. Rights of Parties are Cumulative. The rights of the parties under this Franchise
Agreement are cumulative and no exercise or enforcement by either party of any right or remedy under this
Franchise Agreement will preclude any other right or remedy available under this Franchise Agreement or
by law.

                 25.12. Survival. All provisions that expressly or by their nature survive the termination,
expiration, or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement (or the Transfer of an ownership interest in the
Franchise) shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding its termination,
expiration, or Transfer, and until they are satisfied in full or by their nature expire, including, without
limitation, Section 13, Section 14, Section 7, Section 18, Section 21, Section 22, Section 23 and Section
25.

                 25.13. Construction. The headings in this Franchise Agreement are for convenience
only and do not define, limit, or construe the contents of the sections or subsections. All references to
Sections refer to the Sections contained in this Franchise Agreement unless otherwise specified. All
references to days in this Franchise Agreement refer to calendar days unless otherwise specified. The term
“you” as used in this Franchise Agreement is applicable to one or more persons or an Entity, and the singular
usage includes the plural and the masculine and neuter usages include the other and the feminine and the
possessive.

                    25.14. Time of Essence. Time is of the essence in this Franchise Agreement and every
term thereof.

               25.15. Counterparts. This Franchise Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same
document.

                 25.16. Notices. All notices given under this Franchise Agreement must be in writing,
delivered by hand, email (to the last email address provided by the recipient) or comparable electronic
system, or certified mail or delivered by recognized courier service, delivery confirmation, to the following
addresses (which may be changed upon ten business days’ prior written notice):

                                   You:    As set forth on Attachment “B”

                                   Us:     Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.
                                           400-A N. College Avenue
                                           Fort Collins, Colorado 80524

Notice shall be considered given at the time delivered by hand, or one business day after sending by
reputable overnight delivery service, email or comparable electronic system, or three business days after
placed in the mail, by priority mail with a delivery confirmation.



                                          (Signature Page Follows)




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-40
[2025 FA v1F]
        The parties to this Franchise Agreement have executed this Franchise Agreement effective as of
the Effective Date set forth in Attachment “B.”


FRANCHISOR:                                             FRANCHISEE:

Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.,                            [INSERT NAME OF FRANCHISEE],
an Arizona Corporation                                  a(n) [state] [limited liability company     /
                                                        partnership / corporation]


Sign:                                                   Sign:

Printed Name:                                           Printed Name:

Title:                                                  Title:


                                                        Or if Franchisee is an individual(s)


                                                        Sign: ________________________________
                                                              individually


                                                        Printed Name:_________________________


                                                        Sign: ________________________________
                                                              individually


                                                        Printed Name:_________________________




{00184644.DOCX. }                                A-41
[2025 FA v1F]
                                       ATTACHMENT "A"
                    TO THE CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                               DEFINITIONS

           “Account” is defined in Section 13.7.

           “Acquired Assets” is defined in Section 21.2.1.

           “Agencies” is defined in Section 21.1(viii).

           “Appraisal Date” is defined in Section 21.2.1.

           “Appraised Value” is defined in Section 21.2.4.

           “Brand Fund” is defined in Section 11.2.1.

           “Brand Fund Contribution” is defined in Section 11.2.1.

           “Brand Standards Manual” is defined in Section 6.1.

           “Cheba Hut Business” is defined in Section 2.

           “Cheba Hut Restaurant” is defined in Section 2.

        “Claim” or “Claims” means any and all claims, actions, demands, assessments, litigation, or other
form of regulatory or adjudicatory procedures, claims, demands, assessments, investigations, or formal or
informal inquiries.

           “Collateral” is defined in Section 23.1.

        “Competitive Business” means any restaurant where at least thirty percent (30%) of the menu
items consist of hot and/or cold sandwiches, excluding hamburgers.

         “Confidential Information” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information
relating to the development, construction, marketing, and/or operation of a Cheba Hut Restaurant, including,
but not limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, procedures, policies, marketing strategies, and
information comprising the System, the Guru Guide, and the Brand Standards Manual.

        “Confidentiality Agreement” means our form of Confidentiality Agreement, the most current
form of which is attached to the Franchise Disclosure Document in Exhibit G.

        “Copyrights” means all works and materials for which we or our affiliate has secured common
law or registered copyright protection and that we allow Cheba Hut franchisees to use, sell, or display in
connection with the marketing and/or operation of a Cheba Hut Restaurant, whether now in existence or
created in the future.

           “Council” is defined in Section 11.4.

           “Credit Card Vendors” is defined in Section 12.14.

       “Crisis Management Event” means any event that occurs at the Cheba Hut Business that has or
may cause harm or injury to customers or employees, such as food contamination, food spoilage/poisoning,



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-A-1
[2025 FA v1F]
food tampering/sabotage, contagious diseases, natural disasters, terrorist acts, shootings, or any other
circumstance which may damage the System, Marks, or image or reputation of the Cheba Hut Restaurant
or us or our affiliates.

           “Designated Manager” is defined in Section 8.2

           “Dispute” is defined in Section 22.1.

           “Effective Date” is listed in Attachment “B.”

           “Entity” means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other form of association.

        “Financial Statements” means a balance sheet, profit and loss statement, statement of cash flows
and explanatory footnotes prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied
on a consistent basis.

           “First Party” is defined in Section 11.2.2.

            “Franchise” means the right granted to Franchisee by Franchisor to use the System and the
Marks.

           “Franchise Agreement” is defined in the Introductory Paragraph.

         “General Release” means our current form of general release of all known and unknown claims
against us and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective members, officers, directors,
agents, and employees, in both their corporate and individual capacities. A copy of our General Release is
attached to the Franchise Disclosure Document as Exhibit G.

           “Guru Guide” is our confidential manual for management training.

         “Net Sales” means the total of all revenues and income from the sale of all Cheba Hut Business
food products, beverages and other related merchandise, products, and services to your customers whether
or not sold or performed at or from the Cheba Hut Business, and whether received in cash, coupon, in
services in kind, from barter and/or exchange, on credit (whether or not payment is received) or otherwise.
“Net Sales” does not include: (i) revenues that you collect from a customer and later refund to that customer;
(ii) any sales or use taxes that you pay to a government agency; or (iii) any tips, gratuities or service charges
paid directly by customers to your employees.

           “Improvements” is defined in Section 17.5.

           “Indebtedness” is defined in Section 23.2

         “Indemnified Party” or “Indemnified Parties” means us and each of our past, present, and future
owners, members, officers, directors, employees, and agents, as well as our parent companies, subsidiaries,
and affiliates, and each of their past, present, and future owners, members, officers, directors, employees,
and agents.

           “Initial Franchise Fee” is defined in Section 13.1.

       “Intellectual Property” means, collectively or individually, our Marks, Copyrights, Confidential
Information, System, and Improvements.

           “Interim Manager” is defined in Section 8.4.



{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-A-2
[2025 FA v1F]
           “Interim Term” is defined in Section 4.3.

           “Local Advertising Requirement” is defined in Section 11.2.1.

        “Losses and Expenses” means all compensatory, exemplary, and punitive damages; fines and
penalties; attorney fees; experts fees; court costs; costs associated with investigating and defending against
Claims; settlement amounts; judgments; compensation for damages to our reputation and goodwill; and all
other costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses associated with any of the foregoing Losses and Expenses or
incurred by an Indemnified Party as a result of a Claim.

        “Managing Operator” means the Owner that you designate, and we approve who is primarily
responsible for the daily management and supervision of the Cheba Hut Business.

        “Marks” means the logotypes, service marks, and trademarks now or hereafter involved in the
operation of a Cheba Hut Restaurant, including “Cheba Hut,” “The Kind,” “Jamaican Red,” “Pinner,”
“Nug,” “Blunt,” Pakalolo,” “Where the only thing fried is an occasional customer,” and any other
trademarks, service marks, or trade names that we designate for use in a Cheba Hut Restaurant.

        “Owner” or “Owners” means any individual who owns a direct or indirect ownership interest in
the Franchise or the Entity that is the Franchisee under this Franchise Agreement. “Owner” includes both
passive and active owners.

           “Owners Agreement” is defined in the Introductory Paragraph.

        “Post-Term Restricted Period” means, with respect to you, a period of two years after the
termination, expiration, or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement. “Post-Term Restricted Period” means,
with respect to an Owner, a period of two years after the earlier to occur of: (i) the termination, expiration,
or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement; or (ii) the Owner’s Transfer of his or her entire ownership interest
in the Franchise or the Entity that is the Franchisee, as applicable. If a court of competent jurisdiction
determines that the two-year Post-Term Restricted period is too long to be enforceable with respect to you
and/or an Owner, then the Post-Term Restricted Period means a period of one year after the termination,
expiration or Transfer of this Franchise Agreement with respect to you and/or such Owner.

           “Prohibited Activities” is defined in Section 14.3.

           “Qualified Appraiser” is defined in Section 21.2.2.

        “Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within: (i) a ten mile radius from your Cheba
Hut Restaurant (and including the premises of the approved location of Franchisee); and (ii) a ten mile
radius from all other Cheba Hut Restaurants that are operating or under construction as of the Effective
Date and remain in operation or under construction during all or any part of the Post-Term Restricted Period;
provided, however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the foregoing Restricted
Territory is too broad to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within a
five mile radius from your Cheba Hut Restaurant (and including the premises of the approved location of
Franchisee) and all other Cheba Hut Restaurants that are operating or under construction as of the Effective
Date.

           “Security Interest” is defined in Section 23.1.

           “Successor Agreement” is defined in Section 4.1.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-A-3
[2025 FA v1F]
        “System” means our proprietary system for the operation of a business that provides quick-service
sandwiches featuring toasted submarine sandwiches, original sauces, salads, soups, chips, brownies, and
other high-quality food and beverages, the distinctive characteristics of which include logo, trade secrets,
concept, style, proprietary programs and products, confidential Brand Standards Manual, Guru Guide and
operating system.

           “Term” is defined in Section 4.1.

           “Territory” is defined in Section 3.

         “Transfer” means any direct or indirect, voluntary or involuntary (including by judicial award,
order, or decree), assignment, sale, conveyance, subdivision, sublicense, or other transfer or disposition of
the Franchise (or any interest therein), the Cheba Hut Business (or any portion thereof), or an ownership
interest in an entity that is the Franchisee, including by merger or consolidation, by issuance of additional
securities representing an ownership interest in the entity that is the Franchisee, or by operation of law, will,
or a trust upon the death of an Owner (including the laws of intestate succession).

           “We,” “us,” or “our” is defined in the Introductory Paragraph.

           “You” or, “your” is defined in the Introductory Paragraph.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-A-4
[2025 FA v1F]
                                       ATTACHMENT “B”
                    TO THE CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                         FRANCHISE DATA SHEET


1.         Effective Date. The Effective Date of the Franchise Agreement is:                            , 20___.

2.         Franchisee. The Franchisee identified in the introductory paragraph of the Franchise Agreement
           is:

3.         Initial Franchise Fee. The Initial Franchise Fee set forth in Section 13.1 is (check one):

           ____ $50,000 - Franchisee is purchasing a single Franchise.

           ____ $130,000 - Franchisee is purchasing a Multi-3 Franchise and this Franchise Agreement is for
           the first Cheba Hut Restaurant under the Multi-Franchise Addendum to the Franchise Agreement.

           ____ Not applicable - this is the second or third Cheba Hut Restaurant of a Multi-3 Franchise, and
           Franchisee has previously signed a Multi-Franchise Addendum.

4.         Notice Address. Franchisee’s address for notices as set forth in Section 25.16 of the Franchise
           Agreement shall be as follows:

                            Attn:




5.         Restaurant Location; Territory. If a particular site for the Cheba Hut Restaurant has been
           selected and approved at the time of the signing of this Franchise Agreement, it shall be entered in
           Attachment B-1 as the Cheba Hut Restaurant location, and the Territory shall be as listed in
           Attachment B-1. If a particular site has not been selected and approved at the time of the signing
           of this Franchise Agreement, Section 5 of this Attachment 1 will describe the location in general
           terms below in the “General Description.” The General Description does not confer any territory
           rights to you and is only used for a reference. We may sell other franchised locations in the area in
           the General Description. After we have approved a location for your Cheba Hut Restaurant, we
           will complete the Cheba Hut Restaurant location and the Territory in Attachment B-1. As the
           Territory is dependent on the location of the Cheba Hut Restaurant, we will present you with the
           Territory upon the identification of the site for the Cheba Hut Restaurant. If you do not wish to
           accept the Territory, you may choose another site location and we will present you with another
           Territory based on the site selected.

6.         General Description of Area For Restaurant Location (If your Cheba Hut Restaurant’s location
           is not specified in Attachment B-1 as of the signing of the Franchise Agreement):______________
           ______________________________________________________________________________.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-B-1
[2025 FA v1F]
FRANCHISOR:                        FRANCHISEE:

Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.,       [INSERT NAME OF FRANCHISEE],
an Arizona Corporation             a(n) [state] [limited liability company   /
                                   partnership / corporation]


Sign:                              Sign:

Printed Name:                      Printed Name:

Title:                             Title:


                                   Or if Franchisee is an individual(s)


                                   Sign: ________________________________
                                         individually


                                   Printed Name:_________________________


                                   Sign: ________________________________
                                         individually


                                   Printed Name:_________________________




{00184644.DOCX. }              A-B-2
[2025 FA v1F]
                    ATTACHMENT B-1 TO THE FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

You have received approval for site location for the Cheba Hut Restaurant that satisfies the demographics
and location requirements minimally necessary for a Cheba Hut Restaurant and that meets our minimum
current standards and specifications for the build-out, interior design, layout, floor plan, signs, designs,
color, and décor of a Cheba Hut Restaurant. We and you have mutually agreed-upon a Territory based on
the site for the Cheba Hut Restaurant which is indicated below. You acknowledge that the Territory is in
conformance with the territory guidelines stated in Item 12 of the Franchise Disclosure Document.

Location for Cheba Hut Restaurant:

The location for your Cheba Hut Restaurant as provided in Section 7.1 of the Franchise Agreement is:




Territory:

The Territory as provided for in Section 3 of the Franchise Agreement is:




FRANCHISOR:                                             FRANCHISEE:

Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.,                            [INSERT NAME OF FRANCHISEE],
an Arizona Corporation                                  a(n) [state] [limited liability company           /
                                                        partnership / corporation]


Sign:                                                   Sign:

Printed Name:                                           Printed Name:

Title:                                                  Title:


                                                        Or if Franchisee is an individual(s)


                                                        Sign: ________________________________
                                                              individually


                                                        Printed Name:_________________________




{00184644.DOCX. }                                  A-B-3
[2025 FA v1F]
                                       ATTACHMENT “C”
                    TO THE CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT



Franchisee:

                                           Form of Ownership
                                              (Check One)

        ____ Individual ____ Partnership ____ Corporation ____ Limited Liability Company

         If a Partnership, provide name and address of each partner showing percentage owned, whether
active in management, and indicate the state in which the partnership was formed.

        If a Corporation, give the state and date of incorporation, the names and addresses of each officer
and director, and list the names and addresses of every shareholder showing what percentage of stock is
owned by each.

        If a Limited Liability Company, give the state and date of formation, the name and address of the
manager(s), and list the names and addresses of every member and the percentage of membership interest
held by each member.

State and Date of Formation/Incorporation:

Management (managers, officers, board of directors, etc.):

                            Name                                               Title




Members, Stockholders, Partners*:

                     Name                         Address                        Percentage Owned




*If any members, stockholders, or partners are entities, please list the entities and owners of such entities
up through the individuals.

Identification of Managing Operator. Your Managing Operator is
        .




{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-C-1
[2025 FA v1F]
Identification of Designated Manager. Your Designated Manager is
        .


                                                  FRANCHISEE:

                                                  [INSERT NAME OF FRANCHISEE],
                                                  a(n) [state] [limited liability company   /
                                                  partnership / corporation]


                                                  Sign:

                                                  Printed Name:

                                                  Title:


                                                  Or if Franchisee is an individual(s)


                                                  Sign: ________________________________
                                                        individually


                                                  Printed Name:_________________________


                                                  Sign: ________________________________
                                                        individually


                                                  Printed Name:_________________________




{00184644.DOCX. }                             A-C-2
[2025 FA v1F]
                                       ATTACHMENT “D”
                    TO THE CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC. FRANCHISE AGREEMENT

                                          OWNERS AGREEMENT


        As a condition to the execution by Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“we” or “us”) of a Franchise
Agreement with __________________________________ (“Franchisee”), each of the undersigned
individuals (“Owners”), who constitute all of the owners of a direct or indirect `beneficial interest in
Franchisee, as well as their respective spouses, covenant and agree to be bound by this Owners Agreement
(“Owners Agreement”).

           1.         Acknowledgments.

                 1.1    Franchise Agreement. Franchisee entered into a franchise agreement with us
effective as of ______________________________, 20___ (“Franchise Agreement”). Capitalized words
not defined in this Owners Agreement will have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Franchise
Agreement.

                   1.2      Role of Owners. Owners are the beneficial owners or spouses of the beneficial
owners of all of the direct and indirect equity interest, membership interest, or other equity controlling
interest in Franchisee and acknowledge there are benefits received and to be received by each Owner, jointly
and severally, and for themselves, their heirs, legal representatives and assigns. Franchisee’s obligations
under the Franchise Agreement, including the confidentiality and non-compete obligations, would be of
little value to us if Franchisee’s direct and indirect owners were not bound by the same requirements. Under
the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, Owners are required to enter into this Owners Agreement as a
condition to our entering into the Franchise Agreement with Franchisee. Owners will be jointly and
severally liable for any breach of this Owners Agreement.

           2.         Non-Disclosure and Protection of Confidential Information.

                 2.1      Confidentiality. Under the Franchise Agreement, we will provide Franchisee with
specialized training, proprietary trade secrets, and other Confidential Information relating to the
establishment and operation of a franchised business. The provisions of the Franchise Agreement
governing Franchisee’s non-disclosure obligations relating to our Confidential Information are hereby
incorporated into this Owners Agreement by reference, and Owners agree to comply with each obligation
as though fully set forth in this Owners Agreement as a direct and primary obligation of Owners. Further,
we may seek the same remedies against Owners under this Owners Agreement as we may seek against
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement. Any and all information, knowledge, know-how, techniques,
and other data, which we designate as confidential, will also be deemed Confidential Information for
purposes of this Owners Agreement.

                 2.2      Immediate Family Members. Owners acknowledge that they could circumvent the
purpose of Section 2.1 by disclosing Confidential Information to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse,
parent, sibling, child, or grandchild). Owners also acknowledge that it would be difficult for us to prove
whether Owners disclosed the Confidential Information to family members. Therefore, each Owner agrees
that he or she will be presumed to have violated the terms of Section 2.1 if any member of his or her
immediate family uses or discloses the Confidential Information or engages in any activities that would
constitute a violation of the covenants listed in Section 3, below, if performed by Owners. However,




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-D-1
[2025 FA v1F]
Owners may rebut this presumption by furnishing evidence conclusively showing that Owners did not
disclose the Confidential Information to the family member.

           3.       Covenant Not To Compete and To Not Solicit.

                 3.1      Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation During and After the Term of the
Franchise Agreement. Owners acknowledge that as a participant in our system, they will receive
proprietary and confidential information and materials, trade secrets, and the unique methods, procedures,
and techniques which we have developed. The provisions of the Franchise Agreement governing
Franchisee’s restrictions on competition and solicitation both during the term of the Franchise Agreement
and following the expiration or termination of the Franchise Agreement are hereby incorporated into this
Owners Agreement by reference, and Owners agree to comply with and perform each such covenant as
though fully set forth in this Owners Agreement as a direct and primary obligation of Owners. Further, we
may seek the same remedies against Owners under this Owners Agreement as we may seek against
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement.

                3.2     Construction of Covenants. The parties agree that each such covenant related to
non-competition and non-solicitation will be construed as independent of any other covenant or provision
of this Owners Agreement. If all or any portion of a covenant referenced in this Section 3 is held
unreasonable or unenforceable by a court or agency having valid jurisdiction in a final decision to which
we are a party, Owners agree to be bound by any lesser covenant subsumed within the terms of such
covenant that imposes the maximum duty permitted by law, as if the resulting covenant were separately
stated in and made a part of this Section 3.

                  3.3     Our Right to Reduce Scope of Covenants. Additionally, we have the right, in our
sole discretion, to unilaterally reduce the scope of all or part of any covenant referenced in this Section 3
of this Owners Agreement, without Owners’ consent (before or after any dispute arises), effective when we
give Owners written notice of this reduction. Owners agree to comply with any covenant as so modified.

            4.      Continuing Guarantee.

                4.1     Payment. Owners will pay us (or cause us to be paid) all monies payable by
Franchisee under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the future on the dates and in the manner
required for payment in the relevant agreement.

                 4.2     Performance. Owners unconditionally guarantee full performance and discharge
by Franchisee of all of Franchisee’s obligations under the Franchise Agreement whether now or in the
future on the date and times and in the manner required in the relevant agreement.

                 4.3       Indemnification. Owners will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, all of our
affiliates, and the respective shareholders, directors, partners, employees, and agents of such entities,
against and from all losses, damages, costs, and expenses which we or they may sustain, incur, or become
liable for, whether now or in the future, by reason of: (a) Franchisee’s failure to pay the monies payable (to
us or any of our affiliates) pursuant to the Franchise Agreement, or to do and perform any other act, matter,
or thing required by the Franchise Agreement; or (b) any action by us to obtain performance by Franchisee
of any act, matter, or thing required by the Franchise Agreement.

                4.4     No Exhaustion of Remedies. Owners acknowledge and agree that we will not be
obligated to proceed against Franchisee or exhaust any security from Franchisee or pursue or exhaust any
remedy, including any legal or equitable relief against Franchisee, before proceeding to enforce the
obligations of the Owners as guarantors under this Owners Agreement, and the enforcement of such



{00184644.DOCX. }                                   A-D-2
[2025 FA v1F]
obligations can take place before, after, or contemporaneously with, enforcement of any of Franchisee’s
debts or obligations under the Franchise Agreement.

               4.5    Waiver of Notice. Without affecting Owners’ obligations under this Section 4, we
can extend, modify, or release any of Franchisee’s indebtedness or obligation, or settle, adjust, or
compromise any claims against Franchisee, all without notice to the Owners. Owners waive notice of
amendment of the Franchise Agreement and notice of demand for payment or performance by Franchisee.

                 4.6     Effect of Owner’s Death. Upon the death of an Owner, the estate of such Owner
will be bound by the obligations in this Section 4, but only for defaults and obligations hereunder existing
at the time of death; and the obligations of any other Owners will continue in full force and effect.

                 4.7    Waiver of Acceptance, Default and Defenses. Owners waive: (i) acceptance and
notice of acceptance by us of the forgoing undertakings; (b) protest and notice of default to any party with
respect to the indebtedness or non-performance of any obligations hereby guaranteed; and (c) any and all
other notices and legal or equitable defenses, right of setoff, claim or counterclaim whatsoever to which
they may be entitled at any time hereunder.

                   4.8     Continuing Nature. Owners agree that each of the obligations in this Section 4
shall be continuing and shall not be discharged by: (i) the insolvency of Franchisee or the payment in full
of all of the obligations at any time; (ii) the power or authority or lack thereof of Franchisee to incur the
obligations; (iii) the validity or invalidity of any of the obligations; (iv) the existence or non-existence of
Franchisee as a legal entity; (v) any statute of limitations affecting the liability of Owners or the ability of
us to enforce this Franchise Owner Agreement or the obligations; or (vi) any right of offset, counterclaim
or defense of any Owner, including, without limitation, those which have been waived by Owners pursuant
to this Franchise Owners Agreement.

         5.      Transfers. Owners acknowledge and agree that we have granted the Franchise Agreement
to Franchisee in reliance on Owners’ business experience, skill, financial resources, and personal character.
Accordingly, Owners agree a) not to sell, encumber, assign, transfer, convey, pledge, merge, or give away
any direct or indirect interest in this Franchisee, unless Owners first comply with the sections in the
Franchise Agreement regarding transfers and assignment, and b) that any attempt to do so will be a breach
of this Owners Agreement and the Franchise Agreement. We may, from time to time, without notice to
Owners, assign or transfer any or all of Owners’ rights, duties and obligations or any interest therein in this
Owners Agreement and, notwithstanding any assignment(s) or transfer(s), the rights, duties and obligations
shall be and remain for the purpose of this Owners Agreement. Each and every immediate and successive
assignee or transferee of any of the rights, duties or obligations of any interest therein shall, to the extent of
such party’s interest in the rights duties and/or obligations, be entitled to the benefits of this Owners
Agreement to the same extent as if such assignee or transferee were us.

           6.       Notices.

                6.1      Method of Notice. Any notices given under this Owners Agreement shall be in
writing and delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement.

                    6.2    Notice Addresses. Our current address for all communications under this Owners
Agreement is:

                                   Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.




{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-D-3
[2025 FA v1F]
                                     406 N. College Avenue
                                     Fort Collins, Colorado 80524

The current address of each Owner for all communications under this Owners Agreement is designated on
the signature page of this Owners Agreement. Any party may designate a new address for notices by giving
written notice to the other parties of the new address according to the method set forth in the Franchise
Agreement.

           7.       Enforcement of This Owners Agreement.

               7.1     Dispute Resolution. Any claim or dispute arising out of or relating to this Owners
Agreement shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions of the Franchise Agreement. This
agreement to engage in such dispute resolution process shall survive the termination or expiration of this
Owners Agreement.

                 7.2     Choice of Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Owners Agreement and any claim
or controversy arising out of, or relating to, any of the rights or obligations under this Owners Agreement,
and any other claim or controversy between the parties, will be governed by the choice of law and
jurisdiction and venue provisions of the Franchise Agreement.

                 7.3      Provisional Remedies. We have the right to seek from an appropriate court any
provisional remedies, including temporary restraining orders or preliminary injunctions to enforce Owners’
obligations under this Owners Agreement. Owners acknowledge and agree that there is no adequate remedy
at law for Owners’ failure to fully comply with the requirements of this Owners Agreement. Owners further
acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any noncompliance, we will be entitled to temporary,
preliminary, and permanent injunctions and all other equitable relief that any court with jurisdiction may
deem just and proper. If injunctive relief is granted, Owners’ only remedy will be the court’s dissolution
of the injunctive relief. If the injunctive relief was wrongfully issued, Owners expressly waive all claims
for damages they incurred as a result of the wrongful issuance.

           8.       Miscellaneous.

                  8.1      No Other Agreements. This Owners Agreement constitutes the entire, full, and
complete agreement between the parties, and supersedes any earlier or contemporaneous negotiations,
discussions, understandings, or agreements. There are no representations, inducements, promises,
agreements, arrangements, or undertakings, oral or written, between the parties relating to the matters
covered by this Owners Agreement, other than those in this Owners Agreement. No other obligations,
restrictions, or duties that contradict or are inconsistent with the express terms of this Owners Agreement
may be implied into this Owners Agreement. Except for unilateral reduction of the scope of the covenants
permitted in Section 3.3 (or as otherwise expressly provided in this Owners Agreement), no amendment,
change, or variance from this Owners Agreement will be binding on either party unless it is mutually agreed
to by the parties and executed in writing. Time is of the essence.

                 8.2        Severability. Each provision of this Owners Agreement, and any portions thereof,
will be considered severable. If any provision of this Owners Agreement or the application of any provision
to any person, property, or circumstances is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid
or unenforceable, the remainder of this Owners Agreement will be unaffected and will still remain in full
force and effect. The parties agree that the provision found to be invalid or unenforceable will be modified
to the extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, consistent as much as possible with the original
intent of the parties (i.e., to provide maximum protection for us and to effectuate the Owners’ obligations
under the Franchise Agreement), and the parties agree to be bound by the modified provisions.



{00184644.DOCX. }                                     A-D-4
[2025 FA v1F]
               8.3      No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Owners Agreement is intended to
confer upon any person or entity (other than the parties and their heirs, successors, and assigns) any rights
or remedies under or by reason of this Owners Agreement.

                 8.4     Construction. Any term defined in the Franchise Agreement which is not defined
in this Owners Agreement will be ascribed the meaning given to it in the Franchise Agreement. The
language of this Owners Agreement will be construed according to its fair meaning, and not strictly for or
against either party. All words in this Owners Agreement refer to whatever number or gender the context
requires. If more than one party or person is referred to as you, their obligations and liabilities must be
joint and several. Headings are for reference purposes and do not control interpretation.

                 8.5     Binding Effect. This Owners Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and
each copy so executed and delivered will be deemed an original. This Owners Agreement is binding on
the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors, and
(permitted) assigns.

                 8.6      Continuing Nature of this Owners Agreement. This Owners Agreement shall be
continuing and shall not be discharged, impaired or affected by: (1) the insolvency of Franchisee or the
payment in full of all of the obligations under the Franchise Agreement at any time; (2) the validity or
invalidity of any of the terms of the Owners Agreement; (3) the existence or non-existence of Franchisee
as a legal entity; (4) any statute of limitations affecting the liability of Owners or the ability of us or our
successors or assigns to enforce this Owners Agreement; (5) the transfer or assignment of all or a portion
of the ownership in Franchisee and/or the assets of Franchisee; (6) the execution of an owners agreement
or any other form of guaranty by any additional direct, indirect or beneficial owner of Franchisee in favor
of us or our successors or assigns; (7) any right of offset, counterclaim or defense of any Owner; or (8) the
expiration, termination or assignment of the Franchise Agreement or any other agreement between you and
us.

                 8.7      Successors. References to “Franchisor” or “the undersigned,” or “you” include the
respective parties’ heirs, successors, assigns, or transferees.

                8.8      Nonwaiver. Our failure to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this
Owners Agreement shall not be a waiver of our right to do so. Delay or omission by us respecting any
breach or default shall not affect our rights respecting any subsequent breaches or defaults. All rights and
remedies granted in this Owners Agreement shall be cumulative.

                 8.9     No Personal Liability. You agree that fulfillment of any and all of our obligations
written in the Franchise Agreement or this Owners Agreement, or based on any oral communications which
may be ruled to be binding in a court of law, shall be our sole responsibility and none of our owners, officers,
agents, representatives, nor any individuals associated with us shall be personally liable to you for any
reason.

               8.10   Owners Agreement Controls. In the event of any discrepancy between this Owners
Agreement and the Franchise Agreement, this Owners Agreement shall control.


                                          (Signature Page Follows)




{00184644.DOCX. }                                    A-D-5
[2025 FA v1F]
            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Owners Agreement as of the
    effective date of the Franchise Agreement.


OWNER(S):                                                    SPOUSE(S):



Sign:                                                        Sign:
Printed Name: [Insert Owner Name Here]                       Printed Name: [Insert Spouse Name Here]
Address: [Insert Address of Owner]                           Address: [Insert Address of Spouse]


Sign:                                                        Sign:
Printed Name: [Insert Owner Name Here]                       Printed Name: [Insert Spouse Name Here]
Address: [Insert Address of Owner]                           Address: [Insert Address of Spouse]


Sign:                                                        Sign:
Printed Name: [Insert Owner Name Here]                       Printed Name: [Insert Spouse Name Here]
Address: [Insert Address of Owner]                           Address: [Insert Address of Spouse]




                                                                                                 Rev.030824




    Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. hereby accepts the agreements of the Owner(s) hereunder.

    Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc.,
    an Arizona Corporation



    By:

    Title:




    {00184644.DOCX. }                                A-D-6
    [2025 FA v1F]
                       EXHIBIT B

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




{00184645.DOCX. }}}        B-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-4
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-5
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-6
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-7
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-8
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-9
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-10
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-11
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-12
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-13
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-14
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   B-15
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                    EXHIBIT C

                      LIST OF CURRENT AND FORMER FRANCHISEES




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                      C-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                  LIST OF FRANCHISEES


  Current Franchisees as of December 31, 2024:

Last               First                                                          Stat   Zip
                             Entity Name        Address            City                         Phone   Email
Name               Name                                                           e      Code
Lenz                         Lenz                                                               480-
                                                                   Queen                 8514           Dorianlenzsr@gmail.c
(operates 8        Dorian    Enterprises (All   7839 S 170th St                   AZ            980-
                                                                   Creek                 2              om
outlets)                     AZ locations)                                                      4036
                             Hunter M.
                                                                                                406-
                             Fletcher and                                                7203           hunter.fletcher@cheba
Fletcher           Hunter                       1805 Josh Drive    Conway         AR            461-
                             Darcie L.                                                   4              hut.com
                                                                                                7159
                             Fletcher LLC
                                                                                                (479)
                                                                                         7270           tom.smith@chebahut.c
Smith              Tom       Espresso LLC       1947 N College                    AR            770-
                                                                                         3              om
                                                Ave                Fayetteville                 4200
Myles                                                                                           909-
                             Myles 4, Inc.      12223 Highland     Rancho                9173           tyrone.myles@chebah
(operates 2        Tyrone                                                         CA            225-
                             M4 Ontario Inc     Ave.               Cucamonga             9              ut.com
outlets)                                                                                        8029
                                                                                                        ryan.snyder@chebahut
                                                                                                425-
Snyder &           Ryan &    Wake N Bacon       8415 Porter Hill                         9194           .com
                                                                   La Mesa        CA            418-
Robinson           Jordan    LLC                Terrace                                  2              jordan.robinson@cheb
                                                                                                3811
                                                                                                        ahut.com
                                                                                                (310)
                             Kali Hospitality   4384 E Ashlan                            9372           tyler.mcnabb@chebah
McNabb             Tyler                                           Fresno         CA            795-
                             Inc                Ave Ste 107                              6              ut.com
                                                                                                9720
                             37 Waffles                                                         (414)
Sclueter-                                       1451 N Catalina                          9150           travis.schlueter@cheb
                   Travis    Development                           Burbank        CA            426-
Beckner                                         St                                       5              ahut.com
                             Co LLC                                                             0299
Timmons                      Cheba Hut                                                          319-
                                                                                         8021
(operates 18       David     Investment         PO Box 12259       Denver         CO            389-    david@elevatedinc.co
                                                                                         2
outlets)                     Company, LLC                                                       1563
                             Brashear                                                           407-
                   Timoth                       1018                                     3282           Timothy.brashear@ch
Brashear                     Enterprises,                          Orlando        FL            222-
                   y                            Oceanbreeze Ct                           8              ebahut.com
                             LLC                                                                7920
                                                                                                812-
                             Seeing Green,      129 Oyster         St                    3208           dustin.derickson@che
Derickson          Dustin                                                         FL            230-
                             LLC                Catcher Circle     Augustine             0              bahut.com
                                                                                                4313
Burdick &
                                                                                                619-
Beatty             Josh &    Tasty Notes,       323 Shiloh                               3006           Josh.burdick@chebah
                                                                   Marietta       GA            871-
(Operate 2         Justin    LLC                Manor Drive                              6              ut.com
                                                                                                1301
outlets)
                                                                                                815-
                             50/50 Individual   940 Weatherbee     Downers               6051           Chris.custer@chebahu
Custer             Chris                                                          IL            762-
                             Ownership          Pl                 Grove                 6              t.com
                                                                                                4913
                                                                                                847-
                             DANK SUBS,         905 Heather        Hoffman               6016           Brian.okelly@outlook.
O’Kelly            Brian                                                          IL            987-
                             LLC                Lane               Estates               9              com
                                                                                                2345
                                                                                                970-
                                                5260 Merle Hay                           5013           Mistene.nugent@cheb
Nugent             Mistene                                         Johnston       IA            231-
                                                Rd., Suite 6                             1              ahut.com
                                                                                                1937
                                                                                                225-
Wiggins            Tommy                        17634 Beckfield    Baton                 7081   505-    Tommy.wiggins@che
                             Tava Lou, Inc      Ave                Rouge          LA     7      7171    bahut.com
Timmons                                                                                         319-
                             CHIC - Nevada      2550 S Rainbow                           8914           timmons.dd@gmail.co
(operates 6        David                                           Las Vegas      NV            389-
                             LLC                Blvd Ste 13-14                           6              m
outlets)                                                                                        1563




  {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                              C-2
  [2025 FDD v1F]
Last               First                                                        Stat   Zip
                             Entity Name        Address            City                       Phone     Email
Name               Name                                                         e      Code
Montoya                                                                                       406-
                                                115 Harvard Dr     Albuquerqu          8710             isaac.montoya@cheba
(operates 3        Isaac     WAHi Brands                                        NM            461-
                                                SE                 e                   6                hut.com
outlets)                                                                                      7159
Taylor &                                                                                      (405)
                   Rose &    WGT Concepts       321 Pauline                            7316             rose.taylor@chebahut.
VanCauwenb                                                         Moore        OK            204-
                   Steven    LLC                Renee Drive                            0                com
ergh                                                                                          8940
                                                                                              541-
                             Triple Joint,                                             9770             Jennee.elliff@chebahu
Elliff             Jennee                       P.O. Box 262       Bend         OR            410-
                             LLC                                                       9                t.com
                                                                                              8718
                                                                                              817-
                             A Rope Smokin                                             9740             joshua.donaldson@ch
Donaldson          Josh                         339 E 11th Ave     Eugene       OR            800-
                             Son of a B                                                1                ebahut.com
                                                                                              4915
                                                                                              (615)
                             Wylde Parsley      1885 New Hope                          3708             dawn.atkins@chebahu
Atkins             Dawn                                            Joelton      TN            415-
                             LLC                Road                                   0                t.com
                                                                                              0194
Bales                                                                                         210-
                                                1326 Alpine        San                 7826             Steve.bales@chebahut
(operates 2        Steve     Briast, LLC                                        TX            439-
                                                Pond               Antonio             0                .com
outlets)                                                                                      7078
                                                                                              940-
                                                1333 E. HWY        West                7547             bhavik.bhakta@cheba
Bhakta             Bhavik    AJNAAA, LLC                                        TX            977-
                                                276                Tawakoni            4                hut.com
                                                                                              6325
Demaioribus
*                            Quattro E Venti,                                                 5129607   vincent.demaioribus@
                   Vincent                                         Austin       TX
(operates 2                  LLC                                                              131       chebahut.com
outlets)
Gandhi                                                                                        773-
                             A Joint Effort,    24606 Bennetts                         7736             Raj.gandhi@chebahut.
(operates 2        Raj                                             Porter       TX            575-
                             Inc                Ridge Lane                             5                com
outlets)                                                                                      4962
                             Hyder                                                            (469)
                                                1341 Millers                           7507             kerry.hyder@chebahut
Hyder              Kerry     Restaurant                            Prosper      TX            584-
                                                Creek Drive                            8                .com
                             Holdings LLC                                                     3472
Montoya                                                                                       406-
                                                                                                        isaac.montoya
(operates 2        Isaac     WAHi Brands                           El Paso      TX            461-
                                                                                                        @chebahut.com
outlets)                                                                                      7159
Steed                                                                                         979-
                             Changie            4508 Pershing                          7610             Chance.steed@chebah
(operates 2        Chance                                          Ft Worth     TX            229-
                             Holdings LLC       Ave                                    7                ut.com
outlets)                                                                                      4867
                                                                                              972-
                             Arlington Hut 1    3104 Beaver        Flower              7502
White              Eddie                                                        TX            834-
                             LLC                Creek Drive        Mound               2
                                                                                              0800
Huhn                         Mary Jane                                                        920-
                                                541 E. Erie St.,                       5320
(operates 3        Robert    Restaurants                           Milwaukee    WI            946-      rc.huhn@icloud.com
                                                Unit 514                               2
outlets)                     LLC                                                              0841
Engerman                                                                                      360-
                   Dougla    interiorARTS,L                                            9823             dengerman@comcast.
(operates 2                                     677 Adelia St      Blaine       WA            961-
                   s         TD                                                        0                net
outlets)                                                                                      6655




  {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                              C-3
  [2025 FDD v1F]
           Franchisees with Unopened Outlets as of December 31, 2024:

Last                                                                                    Zip
               First Name        Entity Name      Address          City         State           Phone       Email
Name                                                                                    Code

                                                                                                530-301-    sacramento65@chebahut
Sangha         Pavandeep         Sacramento
                                                                                                8244        .com*

                                 CHIC -           6485 N                                        319-389-
Timmons        David                                               Las Vegas    NV      89149               david@elevatedinc.co
                                 Nevada LLC       Durango Dr                                    1563

Doney,         Michael,
                                 Petrol Penguin   1825 Rozzelles                                704-819-    charlotte54@chebahut.c
Hopkins,       Michael,                                            Charlotte    NC      28208
                                 CH-1 LLC         Ferry Rd                                      3944        om*
Webster        Tim

                                                                                                406- 461-   isaac.montoya
Montoya        Isaac                                               Bernalillo   NM
                                                                                                7159        @chebahut.com

                                 AJNAAA,          1333 E. HWY      West                         940-977-    bhavik.bhakta@chebahut
Bhakta         Bhavik                                                           TX      75474
                                 LLC              276              Tawakoni                     6325        .com

                                                                                                406-461-    isaac.montoya
Montoya        Isaac             WAHi Brands      State of VA                   VA
                                                                                                7159        @chebahut.com




           {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                            C-1
           [2025 FDD v1F]
  Former Franchisees:

           The name and last known address of every franchisee who had a Cheba Hut Franchise
  transferred, terminated, cancelled, not renewed, or otherwise voluntarily or involuntarily ceased to do
  business under our Franchise Agreement during the period January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025, or who
  has not communicated with us within ten weeks of the Issuance Date of this Franchise Disclosure
  Document are listed below. If you buy this Franchise, your contact information may be disclosed to other
  buyers when you leave the Franchise System.

  Last          First                                                      Zip
                          Entity Name     Address          City   State            Phone           Email
  Name          Name                                                      Code
                        Cheba Hut
                                                                                  319-389-
Timmons        David    Investment   PO Box 12259   Denver        CO      80212            david@elevatedinc.co
                                                                                  1563
                        Company, LLC




  {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                C-2
  [2025 FDD v1F]
                                 EXHIBIT D

                      LIST OF STATE ADMINISTRATORS AND
                        AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                   D-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                        STATE ADMINISTRATORS AND
                      AGENTS FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                 D-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
CALIFORNIA                          MARYLAND CONTINUED                           RHODE ISLAND

State Administrator and Agent for   Agent for Service of Process:                Department of Business Regulation
Service of Process:                 Maryland Securities Commissioner             1511 Pontiac Avenue, Bldg. 68-2
Commissioner                        200 St. Paul Place                           Cranston, RI 02920
Department of Financial             Baltimore, MD 21202-2020                     (401) 462-9527
Protection and Innovation
320 W. 4th Street, #750             MICHIGAN                                     SOUTH DAKOTA
Los Angeles, CA 90013
(213) 576-7500                      Michigan Department of Attorney General      Division of Insurance
(866) 275-2677                      Consumer Protection Division                 Securities Regulation
                                    525 W. Ottawa Street                         124 South Euclid, Suite 104
HAWAII                              Lansing, MI 48913                            Pierre, SD 57501
                                    (517) 373-7117                               (605) 773-3563
Commissioner of Securities of
the State of Hawaii                 MINNESOTA                                    VIRGINIA
335 Merchant Street, Room 203
Honolulu, HI 96813                  Department of Commerce                       State Corporation Commission
(808) 586-2722                      Commissioner of Commerce                     Division of Securities and
                                    85 Seventh Place East, Suite 280                 Retail Franchising
Agent for Service of Process:       St. Paul, MN 55101-3165                      1300 E. Main Street, 9th Floor
Commissioner of Securities of       (651) 539-1600                               Richmond, VA 23219
    the State of Hawaii
Department of Commerce and          NEW YORK                                     Agent for Service of Process:
    Consumer Affairs                                                             Clerk of the State Corporation Commission
Business Registration Division      Administrator:                               1300 E. Main Street, 1st Floor
335 Merchant Street, Room 203       NYS Department of Law                        Richmond, VA 23219
Honolulu, HI 96813                  Investor Protection Bureau
(808) 586-2722                      28 Liberty Street, 21st Floor                WASHINGTON
                                    New York, NY 10005
ILLINOIS                            (212) 416-8222                               State Administrator:
                                                                                 Washington Department of Financial
Illinois Attorney General           Agent for Service of Process:                Institutions
Chief, Franchise Division           Secretary of State                           Securities Division
500 S. Second Street                99 Washington Avenue                         P.O. Box 41200
Springfield, IL 62706               Albany, NY 12231                             Olympia, WA 98504-1200
(217) 782-4465                                                                   (360) 902-8760
                                    NORTH DAKOTA
INDIANA                                                                          Agent for Service for Process:
                                    Administrator:
Secretary of State                  North Dakota Securities Department           Director of Department of Financial
Securities Division                 600 East Boulevard Avenue                    Institutions
Room E-018                          State Capitol, Fourteenth Floor, Dept. 414   Securities Division
                                    Bismarck, ND 58505-0510
302 W. Washington Street            (701) 328-4712
                                                                                 150 Israel Road SW
Indianapolis, IN 46204                                                           Tumwater, WA 98501
(317) 232-6681                      Agent for Service of Process:
                                    Securities Commissioner                      WISCONSIN
MARYLAND                            600 East Boulevard Avenue
                                    State Capitol, Fourteenth Floor, Dept. 414   Department of Financial Institutions
Office of the Attorney General      Bismarck, ND 58505-0510                      Division of Securities
Securities Division                                                              201 W. Washington Avenue
200 St. Paul Place                                                               Madison, WI 53703
Baltimore, MD 21202                                                              (608) 266-3364
(410) 576-6360
                                                                                                                        Rev. 090723




    {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                         D-3
    [2025 FDD v1F]
                                                    EXHIBIT E

                                     BRAND STANDARDS MANUAL
                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                          Section                       Number of Pages
                      Cover Page                                              1

                      Table of Contents                                       2

                                              Section 1: The Business

                                           Section                      Number of Pages
                      Store Opening                                           4
                         Recon
                         Architects
                         General Contractors
                         Liquor Licenses
                         Insurance
                         Local Human Resource Consultant
                         Setting Up Services
                         Setting Up Listings
                         Technology Fee

                      Managing Your Investment                                2
                        Accounting and Backend
                        Store Maintenance
                        Store Reinvestment

                      Training                                                1
                        Culture Daze
                        Franchisee Training
                        NSO Training

                      Operations                                              3
                        On-boarding the Crew
                        Sandwich Builds
                        Customer Service
                        Leadership

                      Marketing                                               5
                        NSO Playbook
                        OS Playbook
                        Local Store Marketing
                        Events
                        Local Advertising
                        Social Media Guidelines
                        Customer Engagement Platform
                        Partnerships
                        Business Networking
                        Reputation Management
                        Quarterly Packages
                        Brand Book
                        Discounting




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      E-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                              Section 2: Partnerships and Products

                                     Section                  Number of Pages
                      Food & Beverage                               3
                        Proprietary Goods
                        Food Partners
                        Beverage Partners

                      Alcohol                                        1
                         Beer Partners
                         Liquor Partners

                      Technology                                     1

                      Merchandise & Printing                         1

                      Store Opening Vendors                          3




                                     Section 3: Look and Feel

                                    Section                   Number of Pages
                      Google vs. Yahoo                              1
                        “Clean” Look Areas of Focus

                      4 Walls                                        7
                         The Vibe
                         Atmosphere
                         Work Culture
                         Customer Service
                         Diversity Advocacy
                         Cleanliness

                      Brand Alignment                                5
                        Store Design Packages
                        Mandatory
                        Organization
                        Patio Best Practices
                        Bar Best Practices

                                                      Total Pages – 40




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                              E-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
            Cheba Hut Franchising - Brand Standards Manual
                          Table of Contents
Section 1: The Business

Store Opening .............................................................................................................. 3
   Recon ................................................................................................................................. 3
   Architects........................................................................................................................... 4
   General Contractors .......................................................................................................... 4
   Liquor Licenses .................................................................................................................. 4
   Insurance ........................................................................................................................... 5
   Local Human Resource Consultant.................................................................................... 5
   Setting Up Services ............................................................................................................ 5
   Setting Up Listings ............................................................................................................. 5
   Technology Fee.................................................................................................................. 6

Managing Your Investment........................................................................................... 6
  Accounting and Backend ................................................................................................... 6
  Store Maintenance ............................................................................................................ 7
  Store Reinvestment ........................................................................................................... 7

Training ........................................................................................................................ 8
   Culture Daze ...................................................................................................................... 8
   Franchisee Training ........................................................................................................... 8
   NSO Training ...................................................................................................................... 8

Operations ................................................................................................................... 9
  On-boarding the Crew ....................................................................................................... 9
  Sandwich Builds ................................................................................................................. 10
  Customer Service............................................................................................................... 10
  Leadership ......................................................................................................................... 11

Marketing .................................................................................................................... 11
  NSO Playbook .................................................................................................................... 11
  OS Playbook ....................................................................................................................... 12
  Local Store Marketing ....................................................................................................... 12
  Events ................................................................................................................................ 13
  Local Advertising ............................................................................................................... 13
  Social Media Guidelines .................................................................................................... 13
  Customer Engagement Platform ....................................................................................... 14
  Partnerships....................................................................................................................... 14



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                                       E-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
    Business Networking ......................................................................................................... 14
    Reputation Management .................................................................................................. 15
    Quarterly Packages ............................................................................................................ 15
    Brand Book ........................................................................................................................ 16
    Discounting ........................................................................................................................ 16
Section 2: Partnerships and Products

Food & Beverage .......................................................................................................... 17
  Proprietary Goods ............................................................................................................. 17
  Food Partners .................................................................................................................... 18
  Beverage Partners ............................................................................................................. 19

Alcohol ......................................................................................................................... 20
   Beer Partners ..................................................................................................................... 20
   Liquor Partners .................................................................................................................. 20

Technology ................................................................................................................... 21

Merchandise & Printing ................................................................................................ 21

Store Opening Vendors................................................................................................. 22

Section 3: Look and Feel

Google vs. Yahoo .......................................................................................................... 25
  “Clean” Look Areas of Focus ............................................................................................. 25

4 Walls ......................................................................................................................... 26
  The Vibe ............................................................................................................................. 26
  Atmosphere ....................................................................................................................... 26
  Work Culture ..................................................................................................................... 29
  Customer Service............................................................................................................... 30
  Diversity Advocacy ............................................................................................................ 31
  Cleanliness ......................................................................................................................... 31

Brand Alignment .......................................................................................................... 32
  Store Design Packages ....................................................................................................... 32
  Mandatory ......................................................................................................................... 32
  Organization ...................................................................................................................... 34
  Patio Best Practices ........................................................................................................... 35
  Bar Best Practices ………………………………………………………………………………………………………. 35




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                                     E-4
[2025 FDD v1F]
                      Cheba Hut Franchising - Guru Guide
                             Table of Contents




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                    E-5
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   E-6
[2025 FDD v1F]
{00184645.DOCX. }}}   E-7
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                  EXHIBIT F

                      STATE ADDENDA AND AGREEMENT RIDERS




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                    F-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                          STATE ADDENDA AND AGREEMENT RIDERS

          ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENTS,
           AND FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT FOR CERTAIN STATES FOR
                           CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC.

        The following modifications are made to the Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“Franchisor,” “us,”
“we,” or “our”) Franchise Disclosure Document (“FDD”) given to franchisee (“Franchisee,” “you,” or
“your”) and may supersede, to the extent then required by valid applicable state law, certain portions of
the Franchise Agreement between you and us dated _________________________, 20___ (“Franchise
Agreement”). When the term “Franchisor’s Choice of Law State” is used, it means Colorado. When
the term “Supplemental Agreements” is used, it means “none.”

          Certain states have laws governing the franchise relationship and franchise documents. Certain
states require modifications to the FDD, Franchise Agreement and other documents related to the sale of a
franchise. This State-Specific Addendum (“State Addendum”) will modify these agreements to comply
with the state’s laws. The terms of this State Addendum will only apply if you meet the requirements of
the applicable state independently of your signing of this State Addendum. The terms of this State
Addendum will override any inconsistent provision of the FDD, Franchise Agreement or any
Supplemental Documents. This State Addendum only applies to the following states: California, Hawaii,
Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Rhode Island,
South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.

        If your state requires these modifications, you will sign this State Addendum along with the
Franchise Agreement and any Supplemental Agreements.

CALIFORNIA

        The registration of this franchise offering by the California Department of Financial
Protection and Innovation does not constitute approval, recommendation, or endorsement by the
commissioner.

     THE CALIFORNIA FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW REQUIRES THAT A COPY OF ALL
PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE BE DELIVERED
TOGETHER WITH THE FDD 14 DAYS PRIOR TO EXECUTION OF THE AGREEMENT.

        California Corporations Code Section 31125 requires us to give to you an FDD, in a form
containing the information that the Commissioner may by rule or order require, before we ask you to
consider a material modification of your Franchise Agreement.

         The Franchise Agreement contains, and if applicable, the Supplemental Agreements may contain,
provisions requiring binding arbitration with the costs being awarded to the prevailing party. The
arbitration will occur in Colorado. Prospective franchisees are encouraged to consult private legal
counsel to determine the applicability of California and federal laws (such as Business and Professions
Code Section 20040.5, Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281, and the Federal Arbitration Act) to any
provisions of the Franchise Agreement or Supplemental Agreements restricting venue to a forum outside
the State of California. The Franchise Agreement may contain a mediation provision. If so, the parties
shall each bear their own costs of mediation and shall share equally the filing fee and the mediator’s fees.

       The Franchise Agreement and Supplemental Agreements require the application of the law of
Colorado. This provision may not be enforceable under California law.



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  F-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
        Neither Franchisor nor any other person listed in Item 2 of the FDD is subject to any currently
effective order of any national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 15 U.S.C.A. 78a et seq., suspending or expelling such persons from
membership in such association or exchange.

       California Business and Professions Code Sections 20000 through 20043 provide rights to you
concerning termination, transfer, or non-renewal of a franchise. If the Franchise Agreement or
Supplemental Agreements contain a provision that is inconsistent with the California Franchise
Investment Law, the California Franchise Investment Law will control.

        The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. Any such provision may
not be enforceable under federal bankruptcy law (11 U.S.C.A. SEC. 101 et seq.).

        The Franchise Agreement contains, and if applicable, the Supplemental Agreements may contain,
a covenant not to compete provision which extends beyond the termination of the Franchise. Such
provisions may not be enforceable under California law.

        The Franchise Agreement contains a liquidated damages clause. Under California Civil Code
Section 1671, certain liquidated damages clauses are unenforceable.

        You must sign a general release of claims if you renew or transfer your Franchise. California
Corporations Code Section 31512 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Investment Law
(California Corporations Code Sections 31000 through 31516). Business and Professions Code Section
20010 voids a waiver of your rights under the Franchise Relations Act (Business and Professions Code
Sections 20000 through 20043).

       Our website (www.chebahut.com) has not been reviewed or approved by the California
Department of Financial Protection and Innovation. Any complaints concerning the content of this
website may be directed to the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation at
www.dfpi.ca.gov.

        If serving alcohol, mandatory compliance is required with the California Department of Alcohol
Beverage Control laws pertaining to the sale and consumption of alcoholic beverages related to the
franchisor’s business. Franchisees must comply with the requirements set forth in the Alcoholic Beverage
Control Act and the California Code of Regulations for the sale of alcoholic beverages.

        We do not have a federal registration for one or more of our principal marks. Therefore, such
trademarks do not have as many legal benefits and rights as a federally registered trademark. If our right
to use the trademark is challenged, you may have to change to an alternative trademark, which may
increase your expenses.

       You will not receive an exclusive territory. You may face competition from other franchisees,
from outlets that we own, or from other channels of distribution or competitive brands that we control.

        Any provision of a franchise agreement, franchise disclosure document, acknowledgement,
questionnaire, or other writing, including any exhibit thereto, disclaiming or denying any of the following
shall be deemed contrary to public policy and shall be void and unenforceable: (a) Representations made
by the franchisor or its personnel or agents to a prospective franchisee; (b) Reliance by a franchisee on
any representations made by the franchisor or its personnel or agents; (c) Reliance by a franchisee on the




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  F-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
franchise disclosure document, including any exhibit thereto; (d) Violations of any provision of this
division.

        Item 1 of the FDD is amended to add the following statement: In California, a fast food worker
law commonly referred to as AB 1228 went into effect in 2024. It requires California limited-service
restaurant businesses that are part of a chain of 60 or more units to comply with certain wage minimums
for hourly workers and also establishes a Fast Food Council division within the California Department of
Industrial Relations that has authority to increase minimum wages and to suggest other regulations
regarding minimum standards for health, safety and employment. As of the issuance date of this
disclosure document, we do have 60 or more restaurant units operating within the U.S.

      Item 6 of the FDD is amended to state the highest interest rate allowed by law in California is
10% annually.

        Item 19 of the FDD is amended to state: The earnings claims figures do not reflect the costs of
sales, operating expenses, or other costs or expenses that must be deducted from the gross revenue or
gross sales figures to obtain your net income or profit. You should conduct an independent investigation
of the costs and expenses you will incur in operating your Cheba Hut Business. Franchisees or former
franchisees, listed in the offering circular, may be one source of this information

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

HAWAII

The following is added to the Cover Page:

           THIS FRANCHISE WILL BE/HAS BEEN FILED UNDER THE FRANCHISE
           INVESTMENT LAW OF THE STATE OF HAWAII. FILING DOES NOT
           CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT BY
           THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS OR A
           FINDING BY THE DIRECTOR OF COMMERCE AND CONSUMER AFFAIRS
           THAT THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE
           DOCUMENT IS TRUE, COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING.

           THE FRANCHISE INVESTMENT LAW MAKES IT UNLAWFUL TO OFFER
           OR SELL ANY FRANCHISE IN THIS STATE WITHOUT FIRST PROVIDING
           TO YOU OR SUBFRANCHISOR AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO THE
           EXECUTION BY YOU OR SUBFRANCHISOR OF ANY BINDING FRANCHISE
           OR OTHER AGREEMENT, OR AT LEAST SEVEN DAYS PRIOR TO THE
           PAYMENT OF ANY CONSIDERATION BY YOU, WHICHEVER OCCURS
           FIRST, A COPY OF THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT,
           TOGETHER WITH A COPY OF ALL PROPOSED AGREEMENTS RELATING
           TO THE SALE OF THE FRANCHISE.

           THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT CONTAINS A SUMMARY
           ONLY OF CERTAIN MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF THE FRANCHISE



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  F-4
[2025 FDD v1F]
           AGREEMENT. THE CONTRACT OR AGREEMENT SHOULD BE REFERRED
           TO FOR A STATEMENT OF ALL RIGHTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS
           AND OBLIGATIONS OF BOTH US AND YOU.

           Registered agent in the state authorized to receive service of process:

                      Commissioner of Securities of the State of Hawaii
                      Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs
                      Business Registration Division
                      335 Merchant Street, Room 203
                      Honolulu, Hawaii 96813

      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor.
This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

        The status of the Franchisor’s franchise registrations in the states which require registration is as
follows:

           1.         States in which this proposed registration is effective are listed in Exhibit I of the FDD on
                      the page entitled, “State Effective Dates.”

           2.         States which have refused, by order or otherwise, to register these Franchises are:

                      None

           3.         States which have revoked or suspended the right to offer the Franchises are:

                      None

           4.         States in which the proposed registration of these Franchises has been withdrawn are:

                      None

ILLINOIS

        Sections 4 and 41 and Rule 608 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that court litigation
must take place before Illinois federal or state courts and all dispute resolution arising from the terms of
this Agreement or the relationship of the parties and conducted through arbitration or litigation shall be
subject to Illinois law. The FDD, Franchise Agreement and Supplemental Agreements are amended
accordingly.

        The governing law or choice of law clause described in the FDD and contained in the Franchise
Agreement and Supplemental Agreements is not enforceable under Illinois law. This governing law
clause shall not be construed to negate the application of Illinois law in all situations to which it is
applicable.

        Section 41 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act states that “any condition, stipulation or
provision purporting to bind any person acquiring any franchise to waive compliance with any provision



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                         F-5
[2025 FDD v1F]
of this Act or any other law of this State is void.” The Franchise Agreement is amended accordingly. To
the extent that the Franchise Agreement would otherwise violate Illinois law, such Agreement is amended
by providing that all litigation by or between you and us, arising directly or indirectly from the Franchise
relationship, will be commenced and maintained in the state courts of Illinois or, at our election, the
United States District Court for Illinois, with the specific venue in either court system determined by
appropriate jurisdiction and venue requirements, and Illinois law will pertain to any claims arising under
the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

         Item 17.v, Choice of Forum, of the FDD is revised to include the following: “provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted upon you by Section 4 of the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.”

         Item 17.w, Choice of Law, of the FDD is revised to include the following: “provided, however,
that the foregoing shall not be considered a waiver of any right granted upon you by Section 4 of the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.”

        The termination and non-renewal provisions in the Franchise Agreement and the FDD may not be
enforceable under Sections 19 and 20 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act.

         Under Section 705/27 of the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, no action for liability under the
Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act can be maintained unless brought before the expiration of three years
after the act or transaction constituting the violation upon which it is based, the expiration of one year
after you become aware of facts or circumstances reasonably indicating that you may have a claim for
relief in respect to conduct governed by the Act, or 90 days after delivery to you of a written notice
disclosing the violation, whichever shall first expire. To the extent that the Franchise Agreement is
inconsistent with the Illinois Franchise Disclosure Act, Illinois law will control and supersede any
inconsistent provision(s).

Posting of Surety Bond

         Items 5 and 7 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and Section 13.1 of the Franchise
Agreement are amended to state: Franchisor has posted a surety bond in an amount required by the
Illinois Attorney General’s Office to financially protect you, to the extent of your payment of an initial
franchise fee, if we do not meet our pre-opening obligations to you. The Illinois Attorney General’s
Office has imposed the bond requirement due to our financial condition.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.
                          See the last page of this Exhibit F for your required signature.

INDIANA

Item 8 of the FDD is amended to add the following:

           Under Indiana Code Section 23-2-2.7-1(4), we will not accept any rebates from any person with
           whom you do business or associate in relation to transactions between you and the other person,




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   F-6
[2025 FDD v1F]
           other than for compensation for services rendered by us, unless the rebate is properly accounted
           for and submitted to you.

Item 17 of the FDD is amended to add the following:

           Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) makes it unlawful for us to unilaterally terminate your Franchise
           Agreement unless there is a material violation of the Franchise Agreement and termination is not
           in bad faith.

           Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(5) prohibits us to require you to agree to a prospective general release of
           claims subject to the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Act.

The “Summary” column in Item 17.r. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place:

        No competing business for one year after the expiration or termination of the agreement within a
ten-mile radius of your Restaurant or any other Cheba Hut Businesses or within any exclusive area
granted by Cheba Hut.

The “Summary” column in Item 17.t. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place:

           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this provision, you do not waive any right under the
           Indiana Statutes with regard to prior representations made by us.

The “Summary” column in Item 17.v. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place:

           Litigation regarding Franchise Agreement in Indiana; other litigation in Franchisor’s Choice of
           Law State. This language has been included in this Franchise Disclosure Document as a
           condition to registration. The Franchisor and the Franchisee do not agree with the above language
           and believe that each of the provisions of the Franchise Agreement, including all venue
           provisions, is fully enforceable. The Franchisor and the Franchisee intend to fully enforce all of
           the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and all other documents signed by them, including but
           not limited to, all venue, choice of law, arbitration provisions and other dispute avoidance and
           resolution provisions and to rely on federal pre-emption under the Federal Arbitration Act.

The “Summary” column in Item 17.w. of the FDD is deleted and the following is inserted in its place:

           Indiana law applies to disputes covered by Indiana franchise laws; otherwise Franchisor’s Choice
           of Law State law applies.

Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Indiana:

1.         The laws of the State of Indiana supersede any provisions of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement,
           or Franchisor’s Choice of Law State law, if such provisions are in conflict with Indiana law.

2.         The prohibition by Indiana Code 23-2-2.7-1(7) against unilateral termination of the Franchise
           without good cause or in bad faith, good cause being defined under law as including any material
           breach of the Franchise Agreement, will supersede the provisions of the Franchise Agreement
           relating to termination for cause, to the extent those provisions may be inconsistent with such
           prohibition.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     F-7
[2025 FDD v1F]
3.         Any provision in the Franchise Agreement that would require you to prospectively assent to a
           release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any person from
           liability imposed by the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law is void to the extent that such
           provision violates such law.

4.         The covenant not to compete that applies after the expiration or termination of the Franchise
           Agreement for any reason is hereby modified to the extent necessary to comply with Indiana
           Code 23-2-2.7-1 (9).

5.         The following provision will be added to the Franchise Agreement:

                      No Limitation on Litigation. Despite the foregoing provisions of this Agreement, any
                      provision in the Agreement which limits in any manner whatsoever litigation brought for
                      breach of the Agreement will be void to the extent that any such contractual provision
                      violates the Indiana Deceptive Franchise Practices Law.

      No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection
with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under
any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any
statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

IOWA

Any provision in the Franchise Agreement or Compliance Questionnaire which would require you to
prospectively assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver or estoppel which purports to relieve any
person from liability imposed by the Iowa Business Opportunity Promotions Law (Iowa Code Ch. 551A)
is void to the extent that such provision violates such law.

The following language will be added to the Franchise Agreement:

                                        NOTICE OF CANCELLATION

_______________ (enter date of transaction)

You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, within three business days from the above
date. If you cancel, any property traded in, any payments made by you under the contract or sale, and any
negotiable instrument executed by you will be returned within ten business days following receipt by the
seller of your cancellation notice, and any security interest arising out of the transaction will be cancelled.

If you cancel, you must make available to the seller at your residence or business address, in substantially
as good condition as when received, any goods delivered to you under this contract or sale; or you may, if
you wish, comply with the instructions of the seller regarding the return shipment of the goods at the
seller’s expense and risk.

If you do not agree to return the goods to the seller or if the seller does not pick them up within 20 days of
the date of your notice of cancellation, you may retain or dispose of the goods without any further
obligation.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      F-8
[2025 FDD v1F]
To cancel this transaction, mail or deliver a signed and dated copy of this cancellation notice or any other
written notice to Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524
not later than midnight of the third business day after the Effective Date.

I hereby cancel this transaction.

                            Franchisee:

                            By:

                            Print Name:

                            Its:

                            Date:

MARYLAND

AMENDMENTS TO FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AND FRANCHISE AGREEMENTS

        Item 17 of the FDD and the Franchise Agreement are amended to state: “The general release
required as a condition of renewal, sale, and/or assignment/transfer shall not apply to any liability under
the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.”

        Representations in the Franchise Agreement are not intended to, nor shall they act as, a release,
estoppel, or waiver of any liability incurred under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law.

        Item 17 of the FDD and sections of the Franchise Agreement are amended to state that you may
bring a lawsuit in Maryland for claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure
Law. Any claims arising under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law must be brought
within three years after the grant of the Franchise.

        The Franchise Agreement and Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire are amended to state that all
representations requiring prospective franchisees to assent to a release, estoppel, or waiver of liability are
not intended to, nor shall they act as, a release, estoppel, or waiver of any liability incurred under the
Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Law.

        The Franchise Agreement provides for termination upon bankruptcy. This provision may not be
enforceable under Federal Bankruptcy Law (11 U.S.C.A Sec. 101 et seq.).

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   F-9
[2025 FDD v1F]
MICHIGAN

THE STATE OF MICHIGAN PROHIBITS CERTAIN UNFAIR PROVISIONS THAT ARE
SOMETIMES IN FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS
ARE IN THESE FRANCHISE DOCUMENTS, THE PROVISIONS ARE VOID AND CANNOT
BE ENFORCED AGAINST YOU.

Each of the following provisions is void and unenforceable if contained in any documents relating to a
franchise:

           (a)        A prohibition on your right to join an association of franchisees.

        (b)      A requirement that you assent to a release, assignment, novation, waiver, or estoppel
which deprives you of rights and protections provided in this act. This shall not preclude you, after
entering into a Franchise Agreement, from settling any and all claims.

        (c)     A provision that permits us to terminate a Franchise prior to the expiration of its term
except for good cause. Good cause shall include your failure to comply with any lawful provision of the
Franchise Agreement and to cure such failure after being given written notice thereof and a reasonable
opportunity, which in no event need be more than 30 days, to cure such failure.

        (d)      A provision that permits us to refuse to renew your Franchise without fairly
compensating you by repurchase or other means for the fair market value at the time of expiration of your
inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings. Personalized materials which have no value to
us and inventory, supplies, equipment, fixtures, and furnishings not reasonably required in the conduct of
the Franchise business are not subject to compensation. This subsection applies only if: (i) the term of the
Franchise is less than five years; and (ii) you are prohibited by the Franchise Agreement or other
agreement from continuing to conduct substantially the same business under another trademark, service
mark, trade name, logotype, advertising, or other commercial symbol in the same area subsequent to the
expiration of the Franchise or you do not receive at least six months’ advance notice of our intent not to
renew the Franchise.

        (e)     A provision that permits us to refuse to renew a Franchise on terms generally available to
other franchisees of the same class or type under similar circumstances. This section does not require a
renewal provision.

       (f)       A provision requiring that arbitration or litigation be conducted outside the State of
Michigan. This shall not preclude you from entering into an agreement, at the time of arbitration, to
conduct arbitration at a location outside this state.

        (g)     A provision which permits us to refuse to permit a transfer of ownership of a Franchise,
except for good cause. This subdivision does not prevent us from exercising a right of first refusal to
purchase the Franchise. Good cause shall include, but is not limited to:

                   (i)      the failure of the proposed transferee to meet our then-current reasonable
           qualifications or standards.

                      (ii)    the fact that the proposed transferee is a competitor of us or our subfranchisor.

                   (iii)    the unwillingness of the proposed transferee to agree in writing to comply with
           all lawful obligations.



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                        F-10
[2025 FDD v1F]
                    (iv)    your or proposed transferee’s failure to pay any sums owing to us or to cure any
           default in the Franchise Agreement existing at the time of the proposed transfer.

        (h)      A provision that requires you to resell to us items that are not uniquely identified with us.
This subdivision does not prohibit a provision that grants to us a right of first refusal to purchase the
assets of a Franchise on the same terms and conditions as a bona fide third party willing and able to
purchase those assets, nor does this subdivision prohibit a provision that grants us the right to acquire the
assets of a Franchise for the market or appraised value of such assets if you have breached the lawful
provisions of the Franchise Agreement and have failed to cure the breach in the manner provided in
subdivision (c).

        (i)     A provision which permits us to directly or indirectly convey, assign, or otherwise
transfer our obligations to fulfill contractual obligations to you unless provision has been made for
providing the required contractual services.

THE FACT THAT THERE IS A NOTICE OF THIS OFFERING ON FILE WITH THE
ATTORNEY GENERAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE APPROVAL, RECOMMENDATION, OR
ENDORSEMENT BY THE ATTORNEY GENERAL.

Any questions regarding this notice should be directed to:

                      State of Michigan
                      Department of Attorney General
                      Consumer Protection Division
                      Attn: Franchise
                      670 Law Building
                      525 W. Ottawa Street
                      Lansing, Michigan 48913
                      Telephone Number: (517) 373-7117

         No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
 connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
 claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
 reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of
 the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with
 the franchise.

MINNESOTA

Despite anything to the contrary in the Franchise Agreement, the following provisions will supersede and
apply to all Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota:

1.         Any provision in the Franchise Agreement which would require you to assent to a release,
           assignment, novation or waiver that would relieve any person from liability imposed by
           Minnesota Statutes, Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 will be void to the extent that such contractual
           provision violates such law.

2.         Minnesota Statute Section 80C.21 and Minnesota Rule 2860.4400J prohibit the franchisor from
           requiring litigation to be conducted outside of Minnesota. In addition, nothing in the FDD or
           Franchise Agreement can abrogate or reduce any of your rights as provided for in Minnesota



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      F-11
[2025 FDD v1F]
           Statutes, Chapter 80C, or your rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the
           laws of Minnesota.

3.         Minn. Rule Part 2860.4400J prohibits a franchisee from waiving his rights to a jury trial or
           waiving his rights to any procedure, forum, or remedies provided for by the laws of the
           jurisdiction, or consenting to liquidated damages, termination penalties or judgment notes. Any
           provision in the Franchise Agreement which would require you to waive your rights to any
           procedure, forum or remedies provided for by the laws of the State of Minnesota is deleted from
           any agreement relating to Franchises offered and sold in the State of Minnesota; provided,
           however, that this paragraph will not affect the obligation in the Franchise Agreement relating to
           arbitration.

4.         With respect to Franchises governed by Minnesota law, we will comply with Minnesota Statute
           Section 80C.14, Subds. 3, 4 and 5, which require, except in certain specified cases, that you be
           given 90 days’ notice of termination (with 60 days to cure) and 180 days’ notice for non-renewal
           of the Franchise Agreement; and that consent to the transfer of the Franchise will not be
           unreasonably withheld.

5.         Item 13 of the FDD is hereby amended to state that we will protect your rights under the
           Franchise Agreement to use the Marks, or indemnify you from any loss, costs, or expenses arising
           out of any third-party claim, suit or demand regarding your use of the Marks, if your use of the
           Marks is in compliance with the provisions of the Franchise Agreement and our System
           standards.

6.         Minnesota Rule 2860.4400(D) prohibits a franchisor from requiring a franchisee to assent to a
           general release. As a result, the FDD and the Franchise Agreement, which require you to sign a
           general release prior to renewing or transferring your Franchise, are hereby deleted from the
           Franchise Agreement, to the extent required by Minnesota law.

7.         The following language will appear as a new paragraph of the Franchise Agreement:

                      No Abrogation. Pursuant to Minnesota Statutes, Section 80C.21, nothing in the dispute
                      resolution section of this Agreement will in any way abrogate or reduce any of your
                      rights as provided for in Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 80.C.

8.         Minnesota Statute Section 80C.17 states that no action for a violation of Minnesota Statutes,
           Sections 80C.01 to 80C.22 may be commenced more than three years after the cause of action
           accrues. To the extent that the Franchise Agreement conflicts with Minnesota law, Minnesota
           law will prevail.

9.         Item 6 of the FDD and Section 13.7 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby amended to limit the
           Insufficient Funds Charge to $30 per occurrence pursuant to Minnesota Statute 604.113.

10.        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
           connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i)
           waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement,
           or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other
           person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any
           document executed in connection with the franchise.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     F-12
[2025 FDD v1F]
NEW YORK

1.         The following information is added to the cover page of the Franchise Disclosure Document:

           INFORMATION COMPARING FRANCHISORS IS AVAILABLE. CALL THE STATE
           ADMINISTRATORS LISTED IN EXHIBIT D OR YOUR PUBLIC LIBRARY FOR
           SERVICES OR INFORMATION. REGISTRATION OF THIS FRANCHISE BY NEW
           YORK STATE DOES NOT MEAN THAT NEW YORK STATE RECOMMENDS IT OR
           HAS VERIFIED THE INFORMATION IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE
           DOCUMENT. IF YOU LEARN ANYTHING IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE
           DOCUMENT IS UNTRUE, CONTACT THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION AND
           THE APPROPRIATE STATE OR PROVINCIAL AUTHORITY. THE FRANCHISOR
           MAY, IF IT CHOOSES, NEGOTIATE WITH YOU ABOUT ITEMS COVERED IN THE
           FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT. HOWEVER, THE FRANCHISOR CAN
           NOT USE THE NEGOTIATING PROCESS TO PREVAIL UPON A PROSPECTIVE
           FRANCHISEE TO ACCEPT TERMS WHICH ARE LESS FAVORABLE THAN THOSE
           SET FORTH IN THIS FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT.

2.         The following is added at the end of Item 3:

           With the exception of what is stated above, the following applies to the franchisor, its
           predecessor, a person identified in Item 2, or an affiliate offering franchises under the franchisor’s
           principal trademark:

                  A.      No such party has an administrative, criminal or civil action pending against that
           person alleging: a felony, a violation of a franchise, antitrust or securities law, fraud,
           embezzlement, fraudulent conversion, misappropriation of property, unfair or deceptive practices
           or comparable civil or misdemeanor allegations.

                   B.       No such party has pending actions, other than routine litigation incidental to the
           business, which are significant in the context of the number of franchisees and the size, nature or
           financial condition of the franchise system or its business operations.

                   C.      No such party has been convicted of a felony or pleaded nolo contendere to a
           felony charge, or within the 10-year period immediately preceding the application for registration,
           has been convicted of or pleaded nolo contendere to a misdemeanor charge or has been the
           subject of a civil action alleging: violation of a franchise, antifraud, or securities law; fraud;
           embezzlement; fraudulent conversion or misappropriation of property; or unfair or deceptive
           practices or comparable allegations.

                    D.       No such party is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order or
           decree relating to the franchise, or under a Federal, State or Canadian franchise, securities,
           antitrust, trade regulation, or trade practice law, resulting from a concluded or pending action or
           proceeding brought by a public agency; or is subject to any currently effective order of any
           national securities association or national securities exchange, as defined in the Securities and
           Exchange Act of 1934, suspending or expelling such person from membership in such association
           or exchange; or is subject to a currently effective injunctive or restrictive order relating to any
           other business activity as a result of an action brought by a public agency or department,
           including, without limitation, actions affecting a license as a real estate broker or sales agent.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       F-13
[2025 FDD v1F]
3.      The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(c), titled “Requirements
for franchisee to renew or extend,” and Item 17(m), entitled “Conditions for franchisor approval of
transfer:”

           However, to the extent required by applicable law, all rights you enjoy and any causes of action
           arising in your favor from the provisions of Article 33 of the General Business Law of the State
           of New York and the regulations issued thereunder shall remain in force; it being the intent of this
           proviso that the non-waiver provisions of General Business Law Sections 687(4) and 687(5) be
           satisfied.

4.     The following language replaces the “Summary” section of Item 17(d), titled “Termination by
franchisee”: You may terminate the agreement on any grounds available by law.

5.     The following is added to the end of the “Summary” sections of Item 17(v), titled “Choice of
forum,” and Item 17(w), titled “Choice of law”:

           The foregoing choice of law should not be considered a waiver of any right conferred
           upon the franchisor or the franchisee by Article 33 of the General Business Law of the
           State of New York.

6.      Franchise Questionnaires and Acknowledgements - No statement, questionnaire, or
acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in connection with the commencement of the
franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any claims under any applicable state franchise
law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming reliance on any statement made by any
franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the franchisor. This provision supersedes
any other term of any document executed in connection with the franchise.

7.      Receipts - Any sale made must be in compliance with § 683(8) of the Franchise Sale Act (N.Y.
Gen. Bus. L. § 680 et seq.), which describes the time period a Franchise Disclosure Document (offering
prospectus) must be provided to a prospective franchisee before a sale may be made. New York law
requires a franchisor to provide the Franchise Disclosure Document at the earlier of the first personal
meeting, ten (10) business days before the execution of the franchise or other agreement, or the payment
of any consideration that relates to the franchise relationship.

NORTH DAKOTA

        Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring that
you sign a general release, estoppel or waiver as a condition of renewal and/or assignment may not be
enforceable as they relate to releases of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law.

         Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring
resolution of disputes to be outside North Dakota may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the
North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.

        Sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements relating to
choice of law may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment
Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.

        Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring
you to consent to liquidated damages and/or termination penalties may not be enforceable under Section




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     F-14
[2025 FDD v1F]
51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent
required by law.

        Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring
you to consent to a waiver of trial by jury may not be enforceable under Section 51-19-09 of the North
Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.

        Any sections of the FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements requiring
you to consent to a waiver of exemplary and punitive damages may not be enforceable under Section 51-
19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law, and are amended accordingly to the extent required
by law.

        Item 17(r) of the FDD and Section 14 of the Franchise Agreement disclose the existence of
certain covenants restricting competition to which Franchisee must agree. The Commissioner has held
that covenants restricting competition contrary to Section 9-08-06 of the North Dakota Century Code,
without further disclosing that such covenants may be subject to this statue, are unfair, unjust, or
inequitable within the intent of Section 51-19-09 of the North Dakota Franchise Investment Law. The
FDD and the Franchise Agreement are amended accordingly to the extent required by law.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

OHIO

The following language will be added to the front page of the Franchise Agreement:

         You, the purchaser, may cancel this transaction at any time prior to midnight of the fifth business
day after the date you sign this agreement. See the attached notice of cancellation for an explanation of
this right.

Initials_______________          Date___________

                                     NOTICE OF CANCELLATION

_______________ (enter date of transaction)

         You may cancel this transaction, without penalty or obligation, within five business days from the
above date. If you cancel, any payments made by you under the agreement, and any negotiable
instrument executed by you will be returned within ten business days following the seller’s receipt of your
cancellation notice, and any security interest arising out of the transaction will be cancelled. If you
cancel, you must make available to the seller at your business address all goods delivered to you under
this agreement; or you may, if you wish, comply with the instructions of the seller regarding the return
shipment of the goods at the seller’s expense and risk. If you do make the goods available to the seller
and the seller does not pick them up within 20 days of the date of your notice of cancellation, you may
retain or dispose of them without further obligation. If you fail to make the goods available to the seller,
or if you agree to return them to the seller and fail to do so, then you remain liable for the performance of




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   F-15
[2025 FDD v1F]
all obligations under this agreement. To cancel this transaction, mail or deliver a signed and dated copy
of this cancellation notice or any other written notice to Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., 400-A N. College
Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524 not later than midnight of the fifth business day after the Effective
Date.

           I hereby cancel this transaction.
                                                      Franchisee:

Date:                                                 By:
                                                      Print Name:
                                                      Its:

RHODE ISLAND

         § 19-28.1-14 of the Rhode Island Franchise Investment Act provides that “A provision in a
franchise agreement restricting jurisdiction or venue to a forum outside this state or requiring the
application of the laws of another state is void with respect to a claim otherwise enforceable under this
Act.” The FDD, the Franchise Agreement, and the Supplemental Agreements are amended accordingly
to the extent required by law.

         The above language has been included in this FDD as a condition to registration. The Franchisor
and the Franchisee do not agree with the above language and believe that each of the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements, including all choice of law provisions, are fully
enforceable. The Franchisor and the Franchisee intend to fully enforce all of the provisions of the
Franchise Agreement, the Supplemental Agreements, and all other documents signed by them, including
but not limited to, all venue, choice of law, arbitration provisions and other dispute avoidance and
resolution provisions and to rely on federal pre-emption under the Federal Arbitration Act.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.


SOUTH DAKOTA

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  F-16
[2025 FDD v1F]
VIRGINIA

Item 17(h). The following is added to Item 17(h):

           “Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a
           franchisor to use undue influence to induce a franchisee to surrender any right given to him under
           the franchise. If any provision of the Franchise Agreement or Supplemental Agreements involve
           the use of undue influence by the Franchisor to induce a franchisee to surrender any rights given
           to franchisee under the Franchise, that provision may not be enforceable.”

In recognition of the restrictions contained in Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, the
FDD for Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. for use in the Commonwealth of Virginia shall be amended as
follows:

           Additional Disclosure. The following statements are added to Item 8 and Item 17.h.

           Pursuant to Section 13.1-564 of the Virginia Retail Franchising Act, it is unlawful for a franchisor
           to cancel a franchise without reasonable cause. If any grounds for default or termination stated in
           the Franchise Agreement does not constitute “reasonable cause,” as that term may be defined in
           the Virginia Retail Franchising Act or the laws of Virginia, that provision may not be
           enforceable.

Fee Deferral

Items 5 and 7 of the Franchise Disclosure Document and the Franchise Agreement are amended to state:
The Virginia State Corporation Commission’s Division of Securities and Retail Franchising requires us to
defer payment of the initial franchise fee and other initial payments owed by franchisees to the franchisor
until the franchisor has completed its pre-opening obligations under the franchise agreement.

The Multi-Franchise Addendum to the Franchise Agreement is amended to state: The Virginia State
Corporation Commission’s Division of Securities and Retail Franchising requires us to defer payment of
the initial franchise fee owed by franchisees to the franchisor until the franchisor has completed its pre-
opening obligations under the multi-franchise addendum to the franchise agreement.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

WASHINGTON

          WASHINGTON ADDENDUM TO THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT,
                FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, AND RELATED AGREEMENTS

        In the event of a conflict of laws, the provisions of the Washington Franchise Investment
Protection Act, Chapter 19.100 RCW will prevail.

        RCW 19.100.180 may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor
including the areas of termination and renewal of your franchise. There may also be court decisions which



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     F-17
[2025 FDD v1F]
may supersede the franchise agreement in your relationship with the franchisor including the areas of
termination and renewal of your franchise.

        In any arbitration or mediation involving a franchise purchased in Washington, the arbitration or
mediation site will be either in the state of Washington, or in a place mutually agreed upon at the time of
the arbitration or mediation, or as determined by the arbitrator or mediator at the time of arbitration or
mediation. In addition, if litigation is not precluded by the franchise agreement, a franchisee may bring an
action or proceeding arising out of or in connection with the sale of franchises, or a violation of the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act, in Washington.

         A release or waiver of rights executed by a franchisee may not include rights under the
Washington Franchise Investment Protection Act or any rule or order thereunder except when executed
pursuant to a negotiated settlement after the agreement is in effect and where the parties are represented
by independent counsel. Provisions such as those which unreasonably restrict or limit the statute of
limitations period for claims under the Act, or rights or remedies under the Act such as a right to a jury
trial, may not be enforceable.

        Transfer fees are collectable to the extent that they reflect the franchisor’s reasonable estimated or
actual costs in effecting a transfer.

         Pursuant to RCW 49.62.020, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an
employee, including an employee of a franchisee, unless the employee’s earnings from the party seeking
enforcement, when annualized, exceed $100,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted annually for
inflation). In addition, a noncompetition covenant is void and unenforceable against an independent
contractor of a franchisee under RCW 49.62.030 unless the independent contractor’s earnings from the
party seeking enforcement, when annualized, exceed $250,000 per year (an amount that will be adjusted
annually for inflation). As a result, any provisions contained in the franchise agreement or elsewhere that
conflict with these limitations are void and unenforceable in Washington.

        RCW 49.62.060 prohibits a franchisor from restricting, restraining, or prohibiting a franchisee
from (i) soliciting or hiring any employee of a franchisee of the same franchisor or (ii) soliciting or hiring
any employee of the franchisor. As a result, any such provisions contained in the franchise agreement or
elsewhere are void and unenforceable in Washington.

      Section 24 of the Franchise Agreement is hereby revised to state: YOU HEREBY REPRESENT
THAT: (i) YOU HAVE NOT RECEIVED ANY WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, AS TO THE POTENTIAL VOLUME, PROFITS, OR SUCCESS OF THE CHEBA HUT
BUSINESS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT, EXCEPT FOR ANY
INFORMATION DISCLOSED IN THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT; (ii) YOU HAVE
NO KNOWLEDGE OF ANY REPRESENTATIONS BY US OR ANY OF OUR OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES ABOUT THE CHEBA HUT
BUSINESS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT THAT ARE CONTRARY TO
THE TERMS OF THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT OR THE FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE
DOCUMENT; (iii) YOU RECEIVED OUR FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT AT LEAST
FOURTEEN CALENDAR DAYS BEFORE YOU SIGNED A BINDING AGREEMENT OR PAID
ANY MONEY TO US OR OUR AFFILIATES; (iv) YOU ARE AWARE OF THE FACT THAT
OTHER PRESENT OR FUTURE FRANCHISEES OF OURS MAY OPERATE UNDER DIFFERENT
FORMS OF AGREEMENT AND CONSEQUENTLY THAT OUR OBLIGATIONS AND RIGHTS
WITH RESPECT TO OUR VARIOUS FRANCHISEES MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY IN CERTAIN
CIRCUMSTANCES; (v) YOU ARE AWARE OF THE FACT THAT WE MAY HAVE NEGOTIATED
TERMS OR OFFERED CONCESSIONS TO OTHER FRANCHISEES AND WE HAVE NO



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   F-18
[2025 FDD v1F]
OBLIGATION TO OFFER YOU THE SAME OR SIMILAR NEGOTIATED TERMS OR
CONCESSIONS; AND (vi) YOU HAVE CONDUCTED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF
THE CHEBA HUT BUSINESS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS FRANCHISE AGREEMENT AND
RECOGNIZE THAT IT INVOLVES BUSINESS RISKS, MAKING THE SUCCESS OF THE
VENTURE LARGELY DEPENDENT UPON YOUR OWN BUSINESS ABILITIES, EFFORTS, AND
JUDGMENTS, AND THE ABILITIES, EFFORTS AND SERVICES OF YOU AND THOSE YOU
EMPLOY.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.

Posting of Surety Bond

          A surety bond in the amount of $100,000 has been obtained by the franchisor. The Washington
Securities Division has made the issuance of the franchisor’s permit contingent upon the franchisor
maintaining bond coverage acceptable to the Administrator until (a) all Washington franchisees have (i)
received all initial training that they are entitled to under the franchise agreement or offering circular, and
(ii) are open for business; or (b) the Administrator issues written authorization to the contrary.

WISCONSIN

        The Wisconsin Fair Dealership Law, Chapter 135 of the Wisconsin Statutes supersedes any
provision of the Franchise Agreement if such provision is in conflict with that law. The Franchise
Disclosure Document, the Franchise Agreement and the Supplemental Agreements are amended
accordingly.

        No statement, questionnaire, or acknowledgment signed or agreed to by a franchisee in
connection with the commencement of the franchise relationship shall have the effect of (i) waiving any
claims under any applicable state franchise law, including fraud in the inducement, or (ii) disclaiming
reliance on any statement made by any franchisor, franchise seller, or other person acting on behalf of the
franchisor. This provision supersedes any other term of any document executed in connection with the
franchise.



                                      (Signatures on following page)




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    F-19
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                        APPLICABLE ADDENDA

        If any one of the preceding Addenda for specific states (“Addenda”) is checked as an
“Applicable Addenda” below, then that Addenda shall be incorporated into the Franchise Disclosure
Document, Franchise Agreement and any other specified agreement(s) entered into by us and the
undersigned Franchisee. To the extent any terms of an Applicable Addenda conflict with the terms of the
Franchise Disclosure Document, Franchise Agreement and other specified agreement(s), the terms of the
Applicable Addenda shall supersede the terms of the Franchise Agreement.


                      California                Michigan                          Rhode Island
                      Hawaii                    Minnesota                         South Dakota
                      Illinois                  New York                          Virginia
                      Iowa                      North Dakota                      Washington
                      Indiana                   Ohio                              Wisconsin
                      Maryland



Dated:                             , 20____


                                              FRANCHISOR:

                                              CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC.


                                              By:

                                              Title:



                                              FRANCHISEE:




                                              By:

                                              Title:


                                                                                              Rev. 071823




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    F-20
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                              EXHIBIT G

                      CONTRACTS FOR USE WITH THE CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE


The following contracts contained in Exhibit G are contracts that Franchisee is required to utilize or
execute after signing the Franchise Agreement in the operation of the Cheba Hut Business. The following
are the forms of contracts that Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. uses as of the Issuance Date of this Franchise
Disclosure Document. If they are marked “Sample,” they are subject to change at any time.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 G-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               EXHIBIT G-1

                                       CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                            SAMPLE GENERAL RELEASE AGREEMENT

                                WAIVER AND RELEASE OF CLAIMS

        This Waiver and Release of Claims (“Release”) is made as of _____________________, 20___ by
______________________________________, a(n) _____________________________ (“Franchisee”),
and each individual holding an ownership interest in Franchisee (collectively with Franchisee, “Releasor”) in
favor of Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., an Arizona corporation (“Franchisor,” and together with Releasor, the
“Parties”).

       WHEREAS, Franchisor and Franchisee have entered into a Franchise Agreement (“Agreement”)
pursuant to which Franchisee was granted the right to own and operate a Cheba Hut business;

        WHEREAS, (Franchisee has notified Franchisor of its desire to transfer the Agreement and all
rights related thereto, or an ownership interest in Franchisee, to a transferee/enter into a successor
franchise agreement/amend the Agreement) or (the Agreement is being terminated/or indicate other
reason for the requirement of this waiver and release), and Franchisor has consented to such
(transfer/successor franchise agreement/amendment/termination/other reason); and

        WHEREAS, as a condition to Franchisor’s consent to (transfer the Agreement/enter into a
successor franchise agreement/amend the Agreement/terminate the Agreement/other reason), Releasor
has agreed to execute this Release upon the terms and conditions stated below.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Franchisor’s consent, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally
bound, Releasor hereby agrees as follows:

         1.       Representations and Warranties. Releasor represents and warrants that it is duly authorized
to enter into this Release and to perform the terms and obligations herein contained, and has not assigned,
transferred, or conveyed, either voluntarily or by operation of law, any of its rights or claims against
Franchisor or any of the rights, claims, or obligations being terminated and released hereunder. Each
individual executing this Release on behalf of Franchisee represents and warrants that he/she is duly
authorized to enter into and execute this Release on behalf of Franchisee. Releasor further represents and
warrants that all individuals that currently hold a direct or indirect ownership interest in Franchisee are
signatories to this Release.

         2.      Release. Releasor and its subsidiaries, affiliates, parents, divisions, successors and assigns,
and all persons or firms claiming by, through, under, or on behalf of any or all of them, hereby release,
acquit, and forever discharge Franchisor, any and all of its affiliates, parents, subsidiaries, or related
companies, divisions, and partnerships, and its and their past and present officers, directors, agents, partners,
shareholders, employees, representatives, successors and assigns, and attorneys, and the spouses of such
individuals (collectively, the “Released Parties”), from any and all claims, liabilities, damages, expenses,
actions, or causes of action which Releasor may now have or has ever had, whether known or unknown, past
or present, absolute or contingent, suspected or unsuspected, of any nature whatsoever, including without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, all claims, liabilities, damages, expenses, actions, or causes of action
directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the execution and performance of the Agreement and the
offer and sale of the franchise related thereto, except to the extent such liabilities are payable by the



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    G-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
applicable indemnified party in connection with a third-party claim. Releasor represents and warrants to the
Released Parties, and agrees, that it may later learn of new or different facts, but that still, it is Releasor’s
intention to fully, finally, and forever release all of the claims that are released above. This includes the
Releasor’s waiver of state laws that might apply to limit a release (such as Calif. Civil Code Section 1542,
which states that “[a] general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect
exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected
his settlement with the debtor”).

         3.       Nondisparagement. Releasor expressly covenants and agrees not to make any false
representation of facts, or to defame, disparage, discredit, or deprecate any of the Released Parties or
otherwise communicate with any person or entity in a manner intending to damage any of the Released
Parties, their business, or their reputation.

        4.       Confidentiality. Releasor agrees to hold in strictest confidence and not disclose, publish, or
use the existence of, or any details relating to, this Release to any third party without Franchisor’s express
written consent, except as required by law.

           5.         Miscellaneous.

                a.      Releasor agrees that it has read and fully understands this Release and that the
opportunity has been afforded to Releasor to discuss the terms and contents of said Release with legal
counsel and/or that such a discussion with legal counsel has occurred.

                      b.     This Release shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of Colorado.

                  c.      Each individual and entity that comprises Releasor shall be jointly and severally
liable for the obligations of Releasor.

                 d.        In the event that it shall be necessary for any Party to institute legal action to enforce
or for the breach of any of the terms and conditions or provisions of this Release, the prevailing Party in such
action shall be entitled to recover all of its reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees.

                 e.      All of the provisions of this Release shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of
the Parties and their current and future respective directors, officers, partners, attorneys, agents, employees,
shareholders, and the spouses of such individuals, successors, affiliates, and assigns. No other party shall be
a third-party beneficiary to this Release.

                  f.      This Release constitutes the entire agreement and, as such, supersedes all prior oral
and written agreements or understandings between and among the Parties regarding the subject matter
hereof. This Release may not be modified except in a writing signed by all of the Parties. This Release may
be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together
shall constitute but one and the same document.

                g.      If one or more of the provisions of this Release shall for any reason be held invalid,
illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect or
impair any other provision of this Release, but this Release shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable provision had not been contained herein.

                h.      Releasor agrees to do such further acts and things and to execute and deliver such
additional agreements and instruments as any Released Party may reasonably require to consummate,
evidence, or confirm the Release contained herein in the matter contemplated hereby.



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      G-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
                i.     This Release is inapplicable with respect to claims arising under the Washington
Franchise Investment Protection Act, chapter 19.100 RCW, and the rules adopted thereunder in accordance
with RCW 19.100.220.

           IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Releasor has executed this Release as of the date first written above.

                                             FRANCHISEE:

                                             ____________________________________________, a




                                             Sign: ______________________________________

                                             Printed Name: _______________________________

                                             Title: ______________________________________




                                             FRANCHISEE’S OWNERS:



Date ________________________
                                             Signature


                                             Typed or Printed Name


                                             Signature


                                             Typed or Printed Name
                                                                                             Rev. 060524




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 G-4
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               EXHIBIT G-2

                                        CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                                 SYSTEM PROTECTION AGREEMENT

        This System Protection Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by the undersigned (“you” or
“your”) in favor of Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., an Arizona corporation, and its successors and assigns
(“us,” “we,” or “our”), upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
        1.      Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
given to them below:
        “Competitive Business” means any restaurant where at least 30% of the menu items consist of
hot and/or cold sandwiches, excluding hamburgers.
        “Copyrights” means all works and materials for which we or our affiliate have secured common
law or registered copyright protection and that we allow franchisees to use, sell, or display in connection
with the marketing and/or operation of a Cheba Hut business or the solicitation or offer of a Cheba Hut
Business franchise, whether now in existence or created in the future.
           “Franchisee” means the Cheba Hut business franchisee for which you are a manager or officer.
           “Franchisee Territory” means the territory granted to you pursuant to a franchise agreement with
us.
       “Intellectual Property” means, collectively or individually, our Marks, Copyrights, Know-how,
and System.
         “Know-how” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information relating to the
development, construction, marketing, and/or operation of a Cheba Hut business, including, but not
limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, proprietary practices and procedures, policies, marketing
strategies, and information comprising the System and the Manual.
       “Manual” means our confidential operations manual for the operation of a Cheba Hut business,
which may be periodically modified by us.
         “Marks” means the logotypes, service marks, and trademarks now or hereafter involved in the
operation of a Cheba Hut business, including “CHEBA HUT,” and any other trademarks, service marks,
or trade names that we designate for use by a Cheba Hut business. The term “Marks” also includes any
distinctive trade dress used to identify a Cheba Hut business, whether now in existence or hereafter
created.
         “Prohibited Activities” means any or all of the following: (i) owning, operating, or having any
other interest (as an owner, partner, director, officer, employee, manager, consultant, shareholder,
creditor, representative, agent, or in any similar capacity) in a Competitive Business (other than owning
an interest of five percent (5%) or less in a publicly-traded company that is a Competitive Business); (ii)
diverting or attempting to divert any business from us (or one of our affiliates or franchisees); and/or (iii)
inducing or attempting to induce: any customer of ours (or of one of our affiliates or franchisees) to
transfer their business to you or to any other person that is not then a franchisee of ours.
         “Restricted Period” means the two-year period after you cease to be a manager or officer of
Franchisee’s Cheba Hut business; provided, however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines
that this period of time is too long to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Period” means 12 months after
you cease to be a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Cheba Hut business.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-5
[2025 FDD v1F]
        “Restricted Territory” means the geographic area within: (i) a ten-mile radius from Franchisee’s
Cheba Hut business (and including the premises of the approved location of Franchisee); and (ii) a ten-
mile radius from all other Cheba Hut Businesses that are operating or under construction as of the
beginning of the Restricted Period; provided, however, that if a court of competent jurisdiction determines
that the foregoing Restricted Territory is too broad to be enforceable, then the “Restricted Territory”
means the geographic area within a five-mile radius from Franchisee’s Cheba Hut business (and including
the premises of the approved location of Franchisee).
        “System” means our system for the establishment, development, operation, and management of a
Cheba Hut business, including Know-how, proprietary programs and products, Manual, and operating
system.
         2.     Background. You are a manager or officer of Franchisee. As a result of this
relationship, you may gain knowledge of our System. You understand that protecting the Intellectual
Property and our System are vital to our success and that of our franchisees and that you could seriously
jeopardize our entire System if you were to unfairly compete with us. In order to avoid such damage, you
agree to comply with the terms of this Agreement.
         3.      Know-How and Intellectual Property. You agree: (i) you will not use the Know-how
in any business or capacity other than the Cheba Hut business operated by Franchisee; (ii) you will
maintain the confidentiality of the Know-how at all times; (iii) you will not make unauthorized copies of
documents containing any Know-how; (iv) you will take such reasonable steps as we may ask of you
from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Know-how; and (v) you will stop using
the Know-how immediately if you are no longer a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Cheba Hut
business. You further agree that you will not use all or part of the Intellectual Property or all or part of
the System for any purpose other than the performance of your duties for Franchisee and within the scope
of your employment or other engagement with Franchisee. These restrictions on Know-how, Intellectual
Property and the System shall not apply to any information which is information publicly known or
becomes lawfully known in the public domain other than through a breach of this Agreement or is
required or compelled by law to be disclosed, provided that you will give reasonable notice to us to allow
us to seek protective or other court orders.
        4.      Unfair Competition During Relationship. You agree not to unfairly compete with us at
any time while you are a manager or officer of Franchisee’s Cheba Hut business by engaging in any
Prohibited Activities.
        5.      Unfair Competition After Relationship. You agree not to unfairly compete with us
during the Restricted Period by engaging in any Prohibited Activities; provided, however, that the
Prohibited Activity relating to having an interest in a Competitive Business will only apply with respect
to a Competitive Business that is located within or provides competitive goods or services to customers
who are located within the Restricted Territory. If you engage in any Prohibited Activities during the
Restricted Period, then you agree that your Restricted Period will be extended by the period of time
during which you were engaging in the Prohibited Activity.
         6.     Immediate Family Members. You acknowledge that you could circumvent the purpose
of this Agreement by disclosing Know-how to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, parent, sibling,
child, grandparent or grandchild). You also acknowledge that it would be difficult for us to prove whether
you disclosed the Know-how to family members. Therefore, you agree that you will be presumed to have
violated the terms of this Agreement if any member of your immediate family: (i) engages in any
Prohibited Activities during any period of time during which you are prohibited from engaging in the
Prohibited Activities; or (ii) uses or discloses the Know-how. However, you may rebut this presumption
by furnishing evidence conclusively showing that you did not disclose the Know-how to the family
member.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  G-6
[2025 FDD v1F]
        7.     Covenants Reasonable. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient
resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the
terms of this Agreement. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT AS BEING OVERLY BROAD, UNREASONABLE, OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE.
         8.       Breach. You agree that failure to comply with the terms of this Agreement will cause
substantial and irreparable damage to us and/or other Cheba Hut Business franchisees for which there is
no adequate remedy at law. Therefore, you agree that any violation of the terms of this Agreement will
entitle us to injunctive relief. You agree that we may apply for such injunctive relief without bond, but
upon due notice, in addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the
sole remedy of yours in the event of the entry of such injunction will be the dissolution of such injunction,
if warranted, upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any
such injunction being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding
the preceding sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000. None of
the remedies available to us under this Agreement are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with
others under this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance, and
recovery of monetary damages. Any claim, defense, or cause of action that you may have against us, our
owners or our affiliates, or against Franchisee, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense
against our enforcement of this Agreement.
           9.         Miscellaneous.
              a.       If we pursue legal remedies against you because you have breached this
Agreement and prevail against you, you agree to pay our reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs in doing so.
                b.      This Agreement will be governed by, construed, and enforced under the laws of
Colorado, and the courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this
Agreement.
                c.      Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion thereof, is
severable. If any section, subsection, or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect the
enforceability of any other section, subsection, or portion; and each party to this Agreement agrees that
the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it deems in its discretion
necessary to make such terms reasonable in scope, duration, and geographic area.
               d.      You and we both believe that the covenants in this Agreement are reasonable in
terms of scope, duration, and geographic area. However, we may at any time unilaterally modify the
terms of this Agreement upon written notice to you by limiting the scope of the Prohibited Activities,
narrowing the definition of a Competitive Business, shortening the duration of the Restricted Period,
reducing the geographic scope of the Restricted Territory, and/or reducing the scope of any other
covenant imposed upon you under this Agreement to ensure that the terms and covenants in this
Agreement are enforceable under applicable law.

EXECUTED on the date stated below.


Date
                                                            Signature


                                                            Typed or Printed Name
                                                                                                   Rev. 120619




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-7
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                              EXHIBIT G-3

                                       CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                             SAMPLE CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT


        This Confidentiality Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into by the undersigned (“you”) in
favor of Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc., an Arizona corporation, and its successors and assigns (“us”), upon
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

        1.      Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings
given to them below:
        “Cheba Hut Business” means a business that features toasted submarine sandwiches, original
sauces, salads, soups, chips, brownies, and other high-quality food and beverage items in a fun, casual,
and distinctive atmosphere and other related products and services using our Intellectual Property.
        “Copyrights” means all works and materials for which we or our affiliate(s) have secured
common law or registered copyright protection and that we allow Cheba Hut franchisees to use, sell, or
display in connection with the marketing and/or operation of a Cheba Hut Business, whether now in
existence or created in the future.
       “Franchisee” means the Cheba Hut Business franchisee for which you are an employee,
independent contractor, agent, representative, or supplier.
       “Intellectual Property” means, collectively or individually, our Marks, Copyrights, Know-how,
Manual, and System.
         “Know-how” means all of our trade secrets and other proprietary information relating to the
development, construction, marketing, and/or operation of a Cheba Hut Business, including, but not
limited to, methods, techniques, specifications, proprietary practices and procedures, policies, marketing
strategies, and information comprising the System and the Manual.
           “Manual” means our confidential operations manual for the operation of a Cheba Hut Business.
         “Marks” means the logotypes, service marks, and trademarks now or hereafter involved in the
operation of a Cheba Hut Business, including “CHEBA HUT” and any other trademarks, service marks,
or trade names that we designate for use by a Cheba Hut Business. The term “Marks” also includes any
distinctive trade dress used to identify a Cheba Hut Business, whether now in existence or hereafter
created.
       “System” means our system for the establishment, development, operation, and management of a
Cheba Hut Business, including Know-how, proprietary programs and products, confidential operations
manuals, and operating system.

         2.     Background. You are an employee, independent contractor, agent, representative, or
supplier of Franchisee. Because of this relationship, you may gain knowledge of our Intellectual
Property. You understand that protecting the Intellectual Property is vital to our success and that of our
franchisees, and that you could seriously jeopardize our entire Franchise System if you were to use such
Intellectual Property in any way other than as described in this Agreement. In order to avoid such
damage, you agree to comply with this Agreement.

        3.       Know-How and Intellectual Property: Nondisclosure and Ownership. You agree:
(i) you will not use the Intellectual Property in any business or capacity other than for the benefit of the



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  G-8
[2025 FDD v1F]
Cheba Hut Business operated by Franchisee or in any way detrimental to us or to the Franchisee;
(ii) you will maintain the confidentiality of the Intellectual Property at all times; (iii) you will not make
unauthorized copies of documents containing any Intellectual Property; (iv) you will take such reasonable
steps as we may ask of you from time to time to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of the Intellectual
Property; and (v) you will stop using the Intellectual Property immediately if you are no longer an
employee, independent contractor, agent, representative, or supplier of Franchisee. You further agree that
you will not use the Intellectual Property for any purpose other than the performing your duties for
Franchisee and within the scope of your employment or other engagement with Franchisee.

        The Intellectual Property is and shall continue to be the sole property of Cheba Hut IP
Franchising, Inc. You hereby assign and agree to assign to us any rights you may have or may acquire in
such Intellectual Property. Upon the termination of your employment or engagement with Franchisee, or at
any time upon our or Franchisee’s request, you will deliver to us or to Franchisee all documents and data of
any nature pertaining to the Intellectual Property, and you will not take with you any documents or data or
copies containing or pertaining to any Intellectual Property.

         4.       Immediate Family Members. You acknowledge you could circumvent the purpose of
this Agreement by disclosing Intellectual Property to an immediate family member (i.e., spouse, parent,
sibling, child, or grandchild). You also acknowledge that it would be difficult for us to prove whether you
disclosed the Intellectual Property to family members. Therefore, you agree you will be presumed to
have violated the terms of this Agreement if any member of your immediate family uses or discloses the
Intellectual Property. However, you may rebut this presumption by furnishing evidence conclusively
showing you did not disclose the Intellectual Property to the family member.

        5.     Covenants Reasonable. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the terms of this
Agreement are reasonable both in time and in scope of geographic area; and (ii) you have sufficient
resources and business experience and opportunities to earn an adequate living while complying with the
terms of this Agreement. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO CHALLENGE THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT AS BEING OVERLY BROAD, UNREASONABLE, OR OTHERWISE UNENFORCEABLE.

        6.       Breach. You agree that failure to comply with this Agreement will cause substantial and
irreparable damage to us and/or other Cheba Hut Business franchisees for which there is no adequate
remedy at law. Therefore, you agree that any violation of this Agreement will entitle us to injunctive
relief. You agree that we may apply for such injunctive relief, without bond, but upon due notice, in
addition to such further and other relief as may be available at equity or law, and the sole remedy of
yours, in the event of the entry of such injunction, will be the dissolution of such injunction, if warranted,
upon hearing duly held (all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of any such injunction
being expressly waived hereby). If a court requires the filing of a bond notwithstanding the preceding
sentence, the parties agree that the amount of the bond shall not exceed $1,000. None of the remedies
available to us under this Agreement are exclusive of any other, but may be combined with others under
this Agreement, or at law or in equity, including injunctive relief, specific performance, and recovery of
monetary damages. Any claim, defense, or cause of action you may have against us or against
Franchisee, regardless of cause or origin, cannot be used as a defense against our enforcement of this
Agreement.

           7.         Miscellaneous.

               a.     Although this Agreement is entered into in favor of Cheba Hut Franchising,
Inc., you understand and acknowledge that your employer/employee, independent contractor, agent,
representative, or supplier relationship is with Franchisee and not with us, and for all purposes in
connection with such relationship, you will look to Franchisee and not to us.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-9
[2025 FDD v1F]
              b.       If we pursue legal remedies against you because you have breached this
Agreement and prevail against you, you agree to pay our reasonable attorney fees and costs in doing so.

                c.      This Agreement will be governed by, construed, and enforced under the laws of
Colorado, and the courts in that state shall have jurisdiction over any legal proceedings arising out of this
Agreement.

                d.      Each section of this Agreement, including each subsection and portion, is
severable. If any section, subsection, or portion of this Agreement is unenforceable, it shall not affect the
enforceability of any other section, subsection, or portion; and each party to this Agreement agrees that
the court may impose such limitations on the terms of this Agreement as it deems in its discretion
necessary to make such terms enforceable.


EXECUTED on the date stated below.



Date
                                                             Signature


                                                             Typed or Printed Name
                                                                                                   Rev. 032916




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-10
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                EXHIBIT G-4

                   AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE PAYMENT AUTHORIZATION FORM

Franchisee Information:


Franchisee Name                                                              Business No.

Franchisee Mailing Address (street)                                          Franchisee Phone No.

Franchisee Mailing Address (city, state, zip)

Contact Name, Address and Phone number (if different from above)

Franchisee Fax No.                                                           Franchisee Email Address

Bank Account Information:


Bank Name

Bank Mailing Address (street, city, state, zip)
                                            Checking   Savings
Bank Account No.                       (check one)                           Bank Routing No. (9 digits)

Bank Mailing Address (city, state, zip)                                      Bank Phone No.

Authorization:

Franchisee hereby authorizes Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“Franchisor”) to initiate debit entries to
Franchisee’s account with the Bank listed above, and Franchisee authorizes the Bank to accept and to debit
the amount of such entries to Franchisee’s account. Each debit shall be made from time to time in an amount
sufficient to cover any fees payable to Franchisor pursuant to any agreement between Franchisor and
Franchisee as well as to cover any purchases of goods or services from Franchisor or any affiliate of
Franchisor. Franchisee agrees to be bound by the National Automated Clearing House Association
(NACHA) rules in the administration of these debit entries. Debit entries will be initiated only as authorized
above. This authorization is to remain in full force and effect until Franchisor has received written
notification from Franchisee of its termination in such time and in such manner as to afford Franchisor and
the Bank a reasonable opportunity to act on it. Franchisee shall notify Franchisor of any changes to any of
the information contained in this authorization form at least 30 days before such change becomes effective.

Signature:                                                 Date:
Name:
Its:
                                                                                                        Rev. 032916
Federal Tax ID Number:

     NOTE: FRANCHISEE MUST ATTACH A VOIDED CHECK RELATING TO THE BANK ACCOUNT.




   {00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  G-11
   [2025 FDD v1F]
                                            EXHIBIT G-5

                                     CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                      SAMPLE APPROVAL OF REQUESTED ASSIGNMENT


          This Approval of Requested Assignment (“Agreement”) is entered into this _____ day of
__________________________, 20_____, between Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“Franchisor”), an
Arizona corporation, _________________________ (“Former Franchisee”), the undersigned owners of
Former Franchisee (“Owners”) and _______________________________, a [State] [corporation/limited
liability company] (“New Franchisee”).

                                              RECITALS

        WHEREAS, Franchisor and Former Franchisee entered into that certain franchise agreement
dated __________________________, 20______ (“Former Franchise Agreement”), in which
Franchisor granted Former Franchisee the right to operate a Cheba Hut franchise located at
___________________________________ (“Franchised Business”); and

        WHEREAS, Former Franchisee desires to assign (“Requested Assignment”) the Franchised
Business to New Franchisee, New Franchisee desires to accept the Requested Assignment of the
Franchised Business from Former Franchisee, and Franchisor desires to approve the Requested
Assignment of the Franchised Business from Former Franchisee to New Franchisee upon the terms and
conditions contained in this Agreement, including that New Franchisee sign Franchisor’s current form of
franchise agreement together with all exhibits and attachments thereto (“New Franchise Agreement”),
contemporaneously herewith.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises, and agreements herein
contained, the parties hereto hereby covenant, promise, and agree as follows:

       1.      Payment of Fees. In consideration for the Requested Assignment, Former Franchisee
acknowledges and agrees to pay Franchisor the Transfer Fee, as required under the Franchise Agreement
(“Franchisor’s Assignment Fee”).

        2.       Assignment and Assumption. Former Franchisee hereby consents to assign all of its
rights and delegate its duties with regard to the Former Franchise Agreement and all exhibits and
attachments thereto from Former Franchisee to New Franchisee, subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, and conditioned upon New Franchisee’s signing the New Franchise Agreement pursuant
to Section 5 of this Agreement.

        3.      Consent to Requested Assignment of Franchised Business. Franchisor hereby consents to
the Requested Assignment of the Franchised Business from Former Franchisee to New Franchisee upon
receipt of the Franchisor’s Assignment Fee from Former Franchisee and the mutual execution of this
Agreement by all parties. Franchisor waives its right of first refusal set forth in the Former Franchise
Agreement.

         4.      Termination of Rights to the Franchised Business. The parties acknowledge and agree
that effective upon the date of this Agreement, the Former Franchise Agreement shall terminate and all of
Former Franchisee’s rights to operate the Franchised Business are terminated and that from the date of



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 G-12
[2025 FDD v1F]
this Agreement only New Franchisee shall have the sole right to operate the Franchised Business under
the New Franchise Agreement. Former Franchisee and the undersigned Owners agree to comply with all
of the covenants in the Former Franchise Agreement that expressly or by implication survive the
termination, expiration, or transfer of the Former Franchise Agreement. Unless otherwise precluded by
state law, Former Franchisee shall execute Franchisor’s current form of General Release Agreement.

        5.      New Franchise Agreement. New Franchisee shall execute the New Franchise Agreement
for the Franchised Business (as amended by the form of Addendum prescribed by Franchisor, if
applicable), and any other required contracts for the operation of a Cheba Hut franchise as stated in
Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure Document.

        6.      Former Franchisee’s Contact Information. Former Franchisee agrees to keep Franchisor
informed of its current address and telephone number at all times during the three-year period following
the execution of this Agreement.

        7.      Acknowledgement by New Franchisee. New Franchisee acknowledges and agrees that
the purchase of the rights to the Franchised Business (“Transaction”) occurred solely between Former
Franchisee and New Franchisee. New Franchisee also acknowledges and agrees that Franchisor played
no role in the Transaction and that Franchisor’s involvement was limited to the approval of Requested
Assignment and any required actions regarding New Franchisee’s signing of the New Franchise
Agreement for the Franchised Business. New Franchisee agrees that any claims, disputes, or issues
relating New Franchisee’s acquisition of the Franchised Business from Franchisee are between New
Franchisee and Former Franchisee, and shall not involve Franchisor.

         8.      Representation. Former Franchisee warrants and represents that it has not heretofore
assigned, conveyed, or disposed of any interest in the Former Franchise Agreement or Franchised
Business. New Franchisee hereby represents that it received Franchisor’s Franchise Disclosure
Document and did not sign the New Franchise Agreement or pay any money to Franchisor or its affiliate
for a period of at least 14 calendar days after receipt of the Franchise Disclosure Document.

         9.       Notices. Any notices given under this Agreement shall be in writing, and if delivered by
hand, or transmitted by U.S. certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or via telegram or
telefax, shall be deemed to have been given on the date so delivered or transmitted, if sent to the recipient
at its address or telefax number appearing on the records of the sending party.

         10.    Further Actions. Former Franchisee and New Franchisee each agree to take such further
actions as may be required to effectuate the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including any and all
actions that may be required or contemplated by the Former Franchise Agreement.

        11.    Affiliates. When used in this Agreement, the term “Affiliates” has the meaning as given
in Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933.

        12.      Miscellaneous. This Agreement may not be changed or modified except in a writing
signed by all of the parties hereto. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same
document. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their
respective successors and assigns.

       13.     Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Colorado.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-13
[2025 FDD v1F]
         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement under seal, with the intent
that this be a sealed instrument, as of the day and year first above written.


                                           FRANCHISOR:

                                           CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC.



                                           By:

                                           Printed Name:

                                           Title:



                                           FORMER FRANCHISEE:




                                           By:

                                           Printed Name:

                                           Title:



                                           NEW FRANCHISEE:




                                           By:

                                           Printed Name:

                                           Title:



                                                                                         Rev. 031821




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                 G-14
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               EXHIBIT G-6

                                       CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                                          LEASE ADDENDUM

        This Addendum to Lease (“Addendum”), dated ______________________________, 20___, is
entered into by and between __________________________________________________
(“Landlord”), __________________________________________________ (“Tenant”) and Cheba Hut
Franchising, LLC (“Franchisor”), collectively referred to herein as the “Parties.”

       A.    Landlord and Tenant have entered into a certain Lease Agreement dated
______________________________, 20___, and pertaining to the premises located at
__________________________________________________ (“Lease”).

        B.     Landlord acknowledges that Tenant intends to operate a franchised business from the
leased premises (“Premises”) pursuant to a Franchise Agreement (“Franchise Agreement”) with
Franchisor under Franchisor’s trademarks and other names designated by Franchisor (herein referred to as
“Franchised Business” or “Franchise Business”).

       C.       The parties now desire to supplement the terms of the Lease in accordance with the terms
and conditions contained herein.

        NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby mutually covenanted and agreed among the Parties as
follows:

        1.       Use of the Premises. During the term of the Franchise Agreement, the Premises shall be
used only for the operation of the Franchised Business.

         2.       Franchise System. Landlord hereby consents to Tenant’s use of such proprietary marks,
signs, interior and exterior décor items, color schemes and related components of the Franchised Business
required by Franchisor. Tenant's use of such items shall at all times be in compliance with all applicable
laws, ordinances, rules and regulations of governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the Premises.

         3.      Assignment. Tenant shall have the right, without further consent from Landlord, to
sublease or assign all of Tenant’s right, title, and interest in the Lease to (a “Franchise Assignee”)
(defined below) at any time during the term of the Lease, including any extensions or renewals thereof.
In addition, if Tenant fails to timely cure any default under either the Lease or the Franchise Agreement, a
Franchise Assignee that Franchisor designates, will, at its option, have the right, but not the obligation, to
take an assignment of Tenant’s interest under the Collateral Assignment of Lease or other form of
assignment and assumption document reasonable acceptable to Landlord, provided such Franchise
Assignee cures any then-existing material defaults of the Lease no later than ten days following the end of
Tenant’s cure period. No assignment shall be effective until: (i) the Franchise Assignee gives Landlord
written notice of its acceptance of the assignment and assumption of the Lease; and (ii) Tenant of the
Franchise Assignee has cured all material defaults of the Lease for which it has received notice from
Landlord. Nothing contained herein or in any other document shall create any obligation or liability of
Franchisor, any Franchise Assignee, or guarantor thereof under the Lease unless and until the Lease is
assigned to, and accepted in writing by a Franchise Assignee. In the event of any assignment or purported
assignment under this Addendum, Tenant shall remain liable under the terms of the Lease and the
assignee or subtenant shall retain all of the Tenant’s rights granted in the Lease including without
limitation (x) any grant of a protected territory or use exclusivity; and (y) the renewal or extension of the



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-15
[2025 FDD v1F]
Lease term. With respect to any assignment proposed or consummated under this Addendum, Landlord
hereby waives any rights it may have to: (A) recapture the Premises; (B) terminate the Lease; or (C)
modify any terms or conditions of the Lease. If Franchisor accepts an assignment and assumes the Lease
under this section, Franchisor shall have the right to further sublet or reassign the Lease to another
Franchise Assignee without Landlord’s consent in which event Franchisor shall be released from any
obligation or liability under the Lease. As used in this Addendum, “Franchise Assignee” means: (i)
Franchisor or Franchisor’s parent, subsidiary, or affiliate; or (ii) any franchisee of Franchisor or of
Franchisor’s parent, subsidiary, or affiliate.

           4.         Default and Notice.

                 a.      If Tenant defaults on or breaches the Lease and Landlord delivers a notice of
default to Tenant, Landlord shall contemporaneously send a copy of such default notice to Franchisor.
Franchisor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure the default during Tenant’s cure period plus
an additional ten-day period. Franchisor will notify Landlord whether it intends to cure the default prior
to the end of Tenant’s cure period.

                 b.      All notices to Franchisor shall be sent by a reputable overnight delivery service
to the following address:

                                            Cheba Hut Franchising, LLC
                                             400-A N. College Avenue,
                                              Fort Collins, CO 80524

Franchisor may change its address for receiving notices by giving Landlord written notice of the new
address. Landlord agrees that it will notify both Tenant and Franchisor of any change in Landlord’s
mailing address to which notices should be sent.

                 c.       Tenant and Landlord agree not to terminate, or materially amend the Lease
during the term of the Franchise Agreement or any renewal thereof without Franchisor’s prior written
consent. Any attempted termination, or material amendment shall be null and void and have no effect as
to Franchisor’s interests thereunder; and a clause to the effect shall be included in the Lease.

           5.         Termination or Expiration.

                  a.      If Franchisor does not elect to take an assignment of the Tenant’s interest,
Landlord will allow Franchisor to enter the Premises, without being guilty of trespass and without
incurring any liability to Landlord, to remove all signs, awnings, and all other items identifying the
Premises as a Franchised Business and to make other modifications (such as repainting) as are reasonably
necessary to protect the Franchisor’s trademarks and franchise system and to distinguish the Premises
from a Franchised Business provided that Franchisor repairs any damage caused to the Premises by
exercise of its rights hereunder.

               b.      If any Franchise Assignee purchases any assets of Tenant, Landlord shall permit
such Franchise Assignee to remove all the assets being purchased, and Landlord waives any lien rights
that Landlord may have on such assets.

           6.         Consideration; No Liability.

               a.      Landlord acknowledges that the Franchise Agreement requires Tenant to receive
Franchisor’s approval of the Lease prior to Tenant executing the Lease and that this Addendum is a



{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                      G-16
[2025 FDD v1F]
material requirement for Franchisor to approve the Lease. Landlord acknowledges Tenant would not
lease the Premises without this Addendum. Landlord also hereby consents to the Collateral Assignment
of Lease from Tenant to Franchisor as evidenced by Attachment 1.

                b.       Landlord further acknowledges that Tenant is not an agent or employee of
Franchisor, and Tenant has no authority or power to act for, or to create any liability on behalf of, or to in
any way bind Franchisor or any Franchise Assignee, and that Landlord has entered into this with full
understanding that it creates no duties, obligations, or liabilities of or against any Franchise Assignee.

         7.      Amendments. No amendment or variation of this Addendum shall be valid unless made
in writing and signed by the Parties hereto.

        8.      Reaffirmation of Lease. Except as amended or modified herein, all of the terms,
conditions, and covenants of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect and are incorporated herein by
reference and made a part of this Addendum as though copies herein in full.

        IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, witness the signatures of the Parties hereto as of the day, month,
and year first written above.

LANDLORD:                                                TENANT:




By:                                                      By:

Printed Name:                                            Printed Name:

Title:                                                   Title:


FRANCHISOR:



By:

Printed Name:

Title:                                                                                              Rev. 022324




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                   G-17
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                      EXHIBIT G-6 Attachment I

                             ATTACHMENT 1 TO LEASE ADDENDUM

                             COLLATERAL ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE


         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, as of the ___ day of _________________, 20___ (“Effective Date”),
the undersigned, __________________________________ (“Assignor”) hereby assigns, transfers and
sets over unto Cheba Hut Franchising, LLC (“Assignee”) all of Assignor’s right, title, and interest as
tenant, in, to and under that certain lease, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (“Lease”) with
respect                to                 the              premises                 located              at
_______________________________________________________________.                        This     Collateral
Assignment of Lease (“Assignment”) is for collateral purposes only and except as specified herein,
Assignee shall have no liability or obligation of any kind whatsoever arising from or in connection with
this Assignment unless Assignee expressly assume the obligations of Assignor thereunder.

         Assignor represents and warrants to Assignee that it has full power and authority to so assign the
Lease and its interest therein, and that Assignor has not previously, and is not obligated to, assign or
transfer any of its interest in the Lease or the premises demised thereby.

         Upon a default by Assignor under the Lease or under that certain franchise agreement for a
franchise between Assignee and Assignor (“Franchise Agreement”), or in the event of a default by
Assignor under any document or instrument securing the Franchise Agreement, Assignee shall have the
right and is hereby empowered, in Assignee’s sole discretion, to: (i) cure Assignor’s default of the Lease;
(ii) take possession of the premises demised by the Lease; (iii) expel Assignor from the premises, either
temporarily or permanently; (iv) terminate Assignor’s rights, title, and interest in the Lease; and/or (v)
assume the Lease. If Assignee expends sums to cure a default of the Lease, Assignor shall promptly
reimburse Assignee for the cost incurred by Assignee in connection with such performance, together with
interest thereon at the rate of two percent per month, or the highest rate allowed by law.

        Assignor agrees it will not suffer or permit any surrender, termination, amendment, or
modification of the Lease without the prior written consent of Assignee. Through the term of the
Franchise Agreement and any renewals thereto, Assignor agrees that it shall elect and exercise all options
to extend the term of or renew the Lease not less than 30 days before the last day that said option must be
exercised, unless Assignee otherwise agrees in writing. Upon failure of Assignee to otherwise agree in
writing, and upon failure of Assignor to so elect to extend or renew the Lease as stated herein, Assignor
hereby irrevocably appoints Assignee as its true and lawful attorney-in-fact, which appointment is
coupled with an interest to exercise the extension or renewal options in the name, place, and stead of
Assignor for the sole purpose of effecting the extension or renewal.



                                     (Signatures on following page)




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                  G-18
[2025 FDD v1F]
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Assignor and Assignee have signed this Collateral Assignment of
Lease as of the Effective Date first above written.


                                           ASSIGNOR:




                                           By:

                                           Printed Name

                                           Its:



                                           ASSIGNEE:




                                           By:

                                           Printed Name

                                           Its:


                                                                                   Rev. 022324




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                          G-19
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                               EXHIBIT G-7

                                        CHEBA HUT FRANCHISE

                      MULTI-FRANCHISE ADDENDUM TO FRANCHISE AGREEMENT


        THIS ADDENDUM (the “Addendum”) is entered into and made effective as of the date set forth
on the signature page hereof, by and between Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“Franchisor”) and the
franchisee named on the signature page of this Addendum (“Franchisee”). This Addendum relates to that
certain Cheba Hut franchise agreement dated ____________________, 20___ (“Franchise Agreement”)
and supplements the terms of the Franchise Agreement in relation to the opening of additional Cheba Hut
franchises. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Addendum shall have the meaning set forth
in the Franchise Agreement. To the extent this Addendum conflicts with the terms of the Franchise
Agreement, the terms of this Addendum shall control.

                    1.     Initial Franchise Fee. Franchisee has paid the Initial Franchise Fee of $130,000
           listed in Attachment B to the Franchise Agreement. The Initial Franchise Fee is fully earned
           immediately upon receipt and non-refundable, regardless of whether Franchisee opens any
           additional Cheba Hut franchises.

                   2.      Multi-3 Franchise. Franchisee has purchased a Multi-3 Franchise which allows
           Franchisee to open up to two additional Cheba Hut franchises at a later date (“Additional
           Franchises”) without paying an Initial Franchise Fee.

                   3.     Cheba Hut Franchise Agreements. Franchisee shall exercise the rights under this
           Addendum only by entering into a separate Cheba Hut Franchise Agreement with Franchisor for
           each Additional Franchise. Franchisee acknowledges that the then-current form of Cheba Hut
           franchise agreement may differ from the Cheba Hut Franchise Agreement that is signed in
           conjunction with this Addendum. Franchisee will not be required to pay a separate Initial
           Franchise Fee.

                    4.     Limited Rights. This Addendum does not grant Franchisee the right to franchise,
           license, subfranchise, or sublicense others to operate Cheba Hut Businesses. Only Franchisee
           (and/or Franchisee-affiliated entities Franchisor approves) may develop, open and operate
           Additional Franchises pursuant to this Addendum and Cheba Hut franchise agreements. This
           Addendum only grants Franchisee the right to enter into Cheba Hut franchise agreements to open
           Additional Franchises subject to the terms of the franchise agreement for such Additional
           Franchises. Franchisee is not granted any territorial rights or other rights except those granted
           under the franchise agreement pursuant to the Cheba Hut franchise agreements for the Additional
           Franchises. Except for the Initial Franchise Fee, Franchisee shall be liable for all costs and
           expenses incurred in opening the Additional Franchises.

                    5.      Term. This Addendum and Franchisee’s right to open Additional Franchises
           shall terminate as of the date of termination or expiration of the Franchise Agreement.


                                              (Signature Page Follows)




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    G-20
[2025 FDD v1F]
        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly signed and delivered this Addendum on
the day and year first written above.


                                              FRANCHISOR:

                                              CHEBA HUT FRANCHISING, INC.,
                                              an Arizona corporation



                                              By:

                                              Printed Name:

                                              Title:



                                              FRANCHISEE:

                                              ______________________________________,
                                              a(n) __________________________________



                                              By:

                                              Printed Name:

                                              Title:




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                           G-21
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                  EXHIBIT H

                      FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE QUESTIONNAIRE




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                    H-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                              FRANCHISE DISCLOSURE QUESTIONNAIRE

 (This questionnaire is not to be used for any franchise sale in or to residents of California, Hawaii,
 Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South
                            Dakota, Virginia, Washington, or Wisconsin)

As you know, Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. (“we” or “us”), and you are preparing to enter into a Franchise
Agreement for the operation of a Cheba Hut Franchise. You cannot sign or date this questionnaire the
same day as the Receipt for the Franchise Disclosure Document, but you must sign and date it the
same day you sign the Franchise Agreement. Please review each of the following questions carefully
and provide honest responses to each question. If you answer “No” to any of the questions below, please
explain your answer in the table provided below.

Do not sign this Questionnaire if you are a resident of Maryland or the franchise is to be operated
in Maryland.

 l.            Yes__   No__    Have you received and personally reviewed the Franchise Agreement and
                               each attachment or exhibit attached to it that we provided?

 2.            Yes__   No__    Have you received and personally reviewed the Franchise Disclosure
                               Document and each attachment or exhibit attached to it that we provided?

 3.            Yes__   No__    Did you sign a receipt for the Franchise Disclosure Document indicating the
                               date you received it?

 4.            Yes__   No__    Do you understand all the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure
                               Document and Franchise Agreement?

 5.            Yes__   No__    Have you reviewed the Franchise Disclosure Document and Franchise
                               Agreement with a lawyer, accountant, or other professional advisor, or have
                               you had the opportunity for such review and chosen not to engage such
                               professionals?

 6.            Yes__   No__    Have you had the opportunity to discuss the benefits and risks of developing
                               and operating a Cheba Hut Franchise with an existing Cheba Hut
                               franchisee?

 7.            Yes__   No__    Do you understand the risks of developing and operating a Cheba Hut
                               Franchise?

 8.            Yes__   No__    Do you understand the success or failure of your Cheba Hut Franchise will
                               depend in large part upon your skills, abilities, and efforts, and those of the
                               persons you employ, as well as many factors beyond your control such as
                               competition, interest rates, the economy, inflation, labor and supply costs,
                               and other relevant factors?

 9.            Yes__   No__    Do you understand all disputes or claims you may have arising out of or
                               relating to the Franchise Agreement must be arbitrated in Colorado, if not
                               resolved informally or by mediation (subject to state law)?




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                     H-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
 10.           Yes__   No__   Do you understand that you must satisfactorily complete the initial training
                              program before we will allow your Cheba Hut Franchise to open or consent
                              to a transfer of the Cheba Hut Franchise to you?

 11.           Yes__   No__   Do you agree that no employee or other person speaking on our behalf made
                              any statement or promise regarding the costs involved in operating a Cheba
                              Hut Franchise that is not contained in the Franchise Disclosure Document or
                              that is contrary to, or different from, the information contained in the
                              Franchise Disclosure Document?

 12.           Yes__   No__   Do you agree that no employee or other person speaking on our behalf made
                              any statement or promise or agreement, other than those matters addressed
                              in your Franchise Agreement and any addendum, concerning advertising,
                              marketing, media support, marketing penetration, training, support service,
                              or assistance that is contrary to, or different from, the information contained
                              in the Franchise Disclosure Document?

 13.           Yes__   No__   Do you agree that no employee or other person speaking on our behalf made
                              any statement or promise regarding the actual, average or projected profits
                              or earnings, the likelihood of success, the amount of money you may earn,
                              or the total amount of revenue a Cheba Hut Franchise will generate that is
                              not contained in the Franchise Disclosure Document or that is contrary to,
                              or different from, the information contained in the Franchise Disclosure
                              Document?

 14.           Yes__   No__   Do you understand that the Franchise Agreement, including each
                              attachment or exhibit to the Franchise Agreement contains the entire
                              agreement between us and you concerning the Cheba Hut Franchise?

 15.           Yes__   No__   Do you understand that we are relying on your answers to this questionnaire
                              to ensure that the franchise sale was made in compliance of state and federal
                              laws?

YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR ANSWERS ARE IMPORTANT TO US AND THAT WE WILL
RELY ON THEM. BY SIGNING THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, YOU ARE REPRESENTING THAT
YOU HAVE CONSIDERED EACH QUESTION CAREFULLY AND RESPONDED TRUTHFULLY
TO THE ABOVE QUESTIONS.


Signature of Franchise Applicant                         Signature of Franchise Applicant


Name (please print)                                      Name (please print)

Date                                                     Date




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                    H-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
         EXPLANATION OF ANY NEGATIVE RESPONSES (REFER TO QUESTION NUMBER):


      Question Number                  Explanation of Negative Response




                                                                          Rev. 071823




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                     H-4
[2025 FDD v1F]
                            EXHIBIT I

                      STATE EFFECTIVE DATES




{00184645.DOCX. }}}             I-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                       State Effective Dates

      The following states have franchise laws that require that the Franchise Disclosure
Document be registered or filed with the state, or be exempt from registration: California,
Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota,
Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.

       This document is effective and may be used in the following states, where the
document is filed, registered or exempt from registration, as of the Effective Date stated
below:

                               State                   Effective Date
                      California                          Pending
                      Illinois                            Pending
                      Michigan                            Pending
                      Minnesota                           Pending
                      Virginia                            Pending
                      Washington                          Pending
                      Wisconsin                           Pending

        Other states may require registration, filing, or exemption of a franchise under
other laws, such as those that regulate the offer and sale of business opportunities or
seller-assisted marketing plans.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                              I-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
                      EXHIBIT J

                      RECEIPTS




{00184645.DOCX. }}}       J-1
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                    RECEIPT
                                              (Retain This Copy)

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information
in plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.

If Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.

Under Iowa law, if applicable, Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. must provide this disclosure document to you
at your first personal meeting to discuss the franchise. Michigan requires Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. to
give you this disclosure document at least ten business days before the execution of any binding franchise
or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. New York requires you
to receive this disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or ten business days before
the execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the
franchise relationship.

If Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false
or misleading statement or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have
occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, DC 20580, and the
appropriate state agency identified on Exhibit D.

 The name, principal business address, and telephone number of each franchise seller offering the franchise is:
 Scott Jennings, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 286-2953
 Marc Torres, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 286-2953
 Seth Larsen, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 222-9851

Issuance Date: April 20, 2025

I received a disclosure document issued April 20, 2025, which included the following exhibits:

       Exhibit A      Franchise Agreement
       Exhibit B      Financial Statements
       Exhibit C      List of Current and Former Franchisees
       Exhibit D      List of State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process
       Exhibit E      Brand Standards Manual Table of Contents
       Exhibit F      State Addenda and Agreement Riders
       Exhibit G      Contracts for use with the Cheba Hut Franchise
       Exhibit H      Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire
       Exhibit I      State Effective Dates
       Exhibit J      Receipt


Date                                  Signature                            Printed Name


Date                                  Signature                            Printed Name               Rev. 012417




                          PLEASE RETAIN THIS COPY FOR YOUR RECORDS.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       J-2
[2025 FDD v1F]
                                                    RECEIPT
                                                   (Our Copy)

This disclosure document summarizes certain provisions of the franchise agreement and other information
in plain language. Read this disclosure document and all agreements carefully.

If Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. offers you a franchise, it must provide this disclosure document to you 14
calendar days before you sign a binding agreement with, or make a payment to, the franchisor or an
affiliate in connection with the proposed franchise sale.

Under Iowa law, if applicable, Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. must provide this disclosure document to you
at your first personal meeting to discuss the franchise. Michigan requires Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. to
give you this disclosure document at least ten business days before the execution of any binding franchise
or other agreement or the payment of any consideration, whichever occurs first. New York requires you
to receive this disclosure document at the earlier of the first personal meeting or ten business days before
the execution of the franchise or other agreement or the payment of any consideration that relates to the
franchise relationship.

If Cheba Hut Franchising, Inc. does not deliver this disclosure document on time or if it contains a false
or misleading statement or a material omission, a violation of federal law and state law may have
occurred and should be reported to the Federal Trade Commission, Washington, D.C. 20580, and the
appropriate state agency identified on Exhibit D.

 The name, principal business address, and telephone number of each franchise seller offering the franchise is:
 Scott Jennings, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 286-2953
 Marc Torres, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 286-2953
 Seth Larsen, 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524, (970) 222-9851

Issuance Date: April 20, 2025

I received a disclosure document issued April 20, 2025, which included the following exhibits:

      Exhibit A       Franchise Agreement
      Exhibit B       Financial Statements
      Exhibit C       List of Current and Former Franchisees
      Exhibit D       List of State Administrators and Agents for Service of Process
      Exhibit E       Brand Standards Manual Table of Contents
      Exhibit F       State Addenda and Agreement Riders
      Exhibit G       Contracts for use with the Cheba Hut Franchise
      Exhibit H       Franchise Disclosure Questionnaire
      Exhibit I       State Effective Dates
      Exhibit J       Receipt



Date                                   Signature                            Printed Name


Date                                   Signature                            Printed Name               Rev. 012417



Please sign this copy of the receipt, date your signature, and return it to Cheba Hut Franchising,
Inc., 400-A N. College Avenue, Fort Collins, Colorado 80524.




{00184645.DOCX. }}}                                       J-3
[2025 FDD v1F]
