10-K 1 tm211754d1_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2020 Or ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from 
to Commission File No. 001-39606 Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings
Corp. V (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Cayman Islands | 98-1547291
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
317 University Ave, Suite 200 Palo Alto, CA | 94301 (Zip Code)
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (650) 521-9007 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant | IPOE.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share | IPOE | New York Stock Exchange
Redeemable warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 | IPOE WS | New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
 “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | x | Smaller reporting company | x
Emerging growth company | x If an
emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes x No ¨ The Registrant’s
Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, began trading on the New York Stock Exchange separately from its Units on
November 30, 2020. The aggregate market value of the Registrant’s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares
held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at December 31, 2020, was approximately $1,001,420,000. As of
March 15, 2021, there were 80,500,000 Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and 20,125,000 Class B ordinary
shares, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I. | 3
Item 1. Business. | 3
Item 1.A. Risk Factors. | 7
Item 1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. | 32
Item 2. Properties. | 32
Item 3. Legal Proceedings. | 32
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. | 33
PART II. | 34
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 34
Item 6. Selected Financial Data. | 35
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 35
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. | 38
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 39
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 40
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. | 40
Item 9.B. Other Information. | 40
PART III. | 41
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance. | 41
Item 11. Executive Compensation. | 49
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 50
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 51
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 53
PART IV. | 54
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. | 54
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. | 55 i CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements under “Item
7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding our financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations ,
including with respect to our recently announced proposed business combination with SoFi (as defined below) . These statements
constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,”
 “expect,” “intends,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “possible,”
 “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “would” and similar expressions
may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. The forward-looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause
actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: · | our being a company with no operating history and no operating revenues; · | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; · | our ability to complete our initial business combination, including our recently announced proposed business combination with SoFi; · | our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; · | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; · | our directors and officers allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; · | the ability of our directors and officers to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; · | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; · | our pool of prospective target businesses and the technology industries; · | our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases); · | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; · | the lack of a market for our securities; · | the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; · | the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; · | our financial performance; and · | the other risk and uncertainties discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement included in the Registration Statement on Form S-4 that we have filed with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with SoFi (the “SoFi Disclosure Statement”). Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected
in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 2 PART
I. References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual
Report”) to (i) “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” are to Social Capital
Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company, (ii) “Hedosophia”
are to Hedosophia Group Limited and its affiliates, (iii) our “initial shareholders” refer to our Sponsor and
the other holders of our Class B ordinary shares (our “founder shares”) prior to our initial public offering (the “Initial
Public Offering”), (iv) our “management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors,
(v)“Social Capital” are to Social Capital Holdings Inc. and, where applicable, its affiliates, and (vi) our “Sponsor”
refer to SCH Sponsor V LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. Item
1. Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated
on July 10, 2020, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”).
While we may pursue an initial Business Combination target in any industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our search
for a target business operating in the technology industries. Our sponsor is SCH Sponsor V LLC, a Cayman Islands exempted limited
liability company (our “Sponsor”). Our registration statements for the Initial
Public Offering became effective on October 8, 2020. On October 14, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 80,500,000
units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”),
including 10,500,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments (the “Over-Allotment Units”), at $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $805.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately $42.7 million, inclusive of approximately $28.2
million in deferred underwriting commissions. Substantially concurrently with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement (the “Private Placement”) of 8,000,000 warrants
(each, a “Private Placement Warrant” and collectively, the “Private Placement Warrants”), at a price of
$2.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of $16.0 million. Upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and the Private Placement, $805.0 million ($10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain
of the proceeds of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) located in the United
States and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the
funds in the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with
respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination.
The New York Stock Exchange rules require that the Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets
with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management
for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount). We will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully
effect a Business Combination. We intend to effectuate a Business Combination
using the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, and from additional issuances of, if any, our capital
stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We have not engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations
until we complete a Business Combination, and we have not generated any operating revenue to date. We will not generate any operating
revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. Our entire activity since inception through
December 31, 2020, related to our formation, the preparation for the Initial Public Offering, and following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. Based on our business activities, we are a
 “shell company” as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), because we
have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. We will provide the holders of the
Public Shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares
upon the completion of the Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder
approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to
redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days
prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to us to pay our tax obligations. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public
Shareholders who redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriter. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to our
warrants. 3 We will have until October 14, 2022 to
consummate a Business Combination. However, if we have not completed a Business Combination by October 14, 2022 (as such period
may be extended pursuant to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, the “Combination Period”),
we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000
of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining shareholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of a liquidation, the
Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive a full pro rata interest in the Trust Account. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period. Proposed SoFi Business Combination On January 7, 2021,
we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Plutus Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation
and our direct wholly owned subsidiary (“Merger Sub”), and Social Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“SoFi”). The Merger Agreement
provides that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following transactions will occur
(together with the other agreements and transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “SoFi Business Combination”):
(i) prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Closing”), we will domesticate
as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the “DGCL”),
and the Cayman Islands Companies Law (2020 Revision) (the “Domestication”), (ii) at the Closing, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and into SoFi, with
SoFi continuing as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary (the “Merger”), (iii) upon consummation
of the Merger, and subject to the adjustments provided in the Merger Agreement, all of the common stock and preferred stock of
SoFi, excluding the Company Redeemable Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), which will convert into Acquiror Series
1 Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), will be converted into the right to receive an aggregate number of shares
of our common stock (after the Domestication), par value $0.0001 per share (“SCH Common Stock”), equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) $6,569,840,376 by (y) $10.00 and (iv) upon the consummation of the Merger, we will be renamed “SoFi
Technologies, Inc.” The Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions contained in the Merger
Agreement, including the approval of our shareholders. On January 7, 2021,
concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively,
the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, the PIPE Investors have
collectively subscribed for 122.5 million shares of SCH Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to $1,225.0 million
(the “PIPE Investment”), a portion of which is expected to be funded by certain of our directors and officers and equity
holders of the Sponsor and its affiliates (the “Sponsor Related PIPE Investors”). The PIPE Investment will be consummated
substantially concurrently with the Closing. The consummation of
the proposed SoFi Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. For more information
about the Merger Agreement and the proposed SoFi Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
January 7, 2021, as amended on January 12, 2021, and the SoFi Disclosure Statement that we have filed with the SEC. Unless
specifically stated, this Annual Report does not give effect to the proposed SoFi Business Combination and does not contain the
risks associated with the proposed SoFi Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed SoFi Business Combination
are included in the SoFi Disclosure Statement. Our Acquisition and Value Creation Strategy We intend to leverage what we believe is
a competitive advantage in sourcing potential targets that will materially benefit from our differentiated expertise and where
we are best situated to augment the value of the business following the completion of the initial Business Combination. We believe our management team is
well-positioned to identify different opportunities across the technology private company landscape. Our selection process
will leverage our relationships with leading technology company founders, executives of private and public companies, venture
capitalists and growth equity funds, in addition to the extensive industry and geographical reach of Social Capital and
Hedosophia’s platforms, which we believe should provide us with a key competitive advantage in sourcing potential
business combination targets. Given our profile and thematic approach, we anticipate that target business candidates may be
brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, in particular founders of, and investors in, other private and
public technology companies in our networks. 4 We also believe that Social Capital and
Hedosophia’s reputation, experience and track record of making investments in the technology industry will make us a preferred
partner for these potential targets. Our Acquisition Process Certain members of our management team
are employed by either Social Capital or Hedosophia or one of their respective affiliates. Social Capital and Hedosophia are made
aware of potential business opportunities from time to time, one or more of which we may desire to pursue, for a Business Combination. Our search for a Business Combination,
ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business
Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak. See “Item
1A. Risk Factors  —  Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate a Business
Combination —  Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a
business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets.” All of our officers and certain of our
directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to either Social Capital or Hedosophia and to certain companies in which either
of them has invested or are otherwise affiliated with. These entities, including Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV (“IPOD”),
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI (“IPOF” and together with IPOD, the “Other Existing SCH SPACs”),
may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded
from pursuing such opportunities. Subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, none of the members of our management
team who are also employed by our Sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential
Business Combination of which they become aware. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring,
investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial business
combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests
as described herein. Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates
or in their other endeavors (including other special purpose acquisition companies they are or may become involved with), may choose
to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities affiliated with
or managed by our Sponsor, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is
expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity
that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. For more information, see “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and
Corporate Governance.” Our directors and officers presently have,
and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities (including other special
purpose acquisition companies they are or may become involved with) pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or officers becomes aware of
a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity
to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our directors and officers are also not required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management
time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence.
See “Item 1A. Risk Factors  —  Risks Relating to Our Management Team and Conflicts of Interest —
Certain of our directors and officers are now, and expect in the future to become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.” We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue Business
Combination opportunities (if we do not consummate the proposed SoFi Business Combination) or complete our initial Business Combination,
including the proposed SoFi Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical record
of our founders’ and management’s performance as indicative of our future performance. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors
  — Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance
of an investment in the company.” 5 Additional Disclosures In May
2017, our founders, Chamath Palihapitiya and Ian Osborne founded Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. (“IPOA”),
a blank check company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Mr. Palihapitiya served as the Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the board of directors and Mr. Osborne served as President and as a director of IPOA. IPOA completed its
initial public offering in September 2017, in which it sold 69,000,000 units, each consisting of one IPOA Class A ordinary share
and one-third of one redeemable warrant for one IPOA Class A ordinary share, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating
aggregate proceeds of $690,000,000. In October 2019, IPOA consummated a merger with Virgin Galactic, a vertically-integrated aerospace
company pioneering human spaceflight for private individuals and researchers. Virgin Galactic’s common stock currently trade
on NYSE under the symbol “SPCE”. In October
2019, Mr. Palihapitiya and Mr. Osborne founded Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. II (“IPOB”), a blank check
company incorporated for the purposes of effecting a business combination. Mr. Palihapitiya served as the Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the board of directors and Mr. Osborne served as President and as a director of IPOB. IPOB completed its initial
public offering in April 2020, in which it sold 41,400,000 units, each consisting of one IPOB Class A ordinary share and one-third
of one redeemable warrant for one IPOB Class A ordinary share, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds
of $414,000,000. In December 2020, IPOB consummated a merger with Opendoor Technologies Inc. (“Opendoor”), a leading
digital platform for residential real estate. Opendoor’s common stock currently trade on The Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the symbol “OPEN”. In October 2019, Mr. Palihapitiya and Mr.
Osborne founded Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. III (“IPOC”), a blank check company incorporated for the purposes
of effecting a business combination. Mr. Palihapitiya served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors
and Mr. Osborne served as President and as a director of IPOC. IPOC completed its initial public offering in April 2020, in which
it sold 82,800,000 units, each consisting of one IPOC Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant for one IPOC
Class A ordinary share, for an offering price of $10.00 per unit, generating aggregate proceeds of $828,000,000. In January 2021,
IPOC consummated a merger with Clover Health Investments, Corp. (“Clover Health”), which operates next-generation Medicare
Advantage plans. Clover Health’s common stock currently trade on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “CLOV”. In July 2020, Mr. Palihapitiya and Mr.
Osborne founded our company and the Other Existing SHC SPACs, each a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted
company for the purpose of effecting a business combination. Neither of the Other Existing SCH SPACs has yet announced or consummated
a business combination. Initial Business Combination The NYSE rules require that our initial
Business Combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of
the net assets held in the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and
excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting discount held in trust). We refer to this as the 80% of net assets test. If our
board of directors is not able independently to determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with
respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not currently intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our initial Business Combination, although there is no assurance that will be the case. We anticipate structuring our initial Business
Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the issued
and outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business
Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business
in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of
the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all
of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number of new
shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately
prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our
initial Business Combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. If our initial Business Combination involves more than one target business,
the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if we are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% of net assets
test. 6 Competition We have encountered, and expect to continue
to encounter, encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private
investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international,
competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have
extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry
knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years
and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business
combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, if the proposed SoFi Business Combination is not consummated, our
ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target
businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to
pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination.
Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have
not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Employees We currently have four officers and do
not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time that any such person
will devote in any time period will vary based on the status of the proposed SoFi Business Combination and, if the proposed SoFi
Business Combination is not consummated, whether a different target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination
and the current stage of the Business Combination process. Item
1.A. Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected.
In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The risks
and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or
that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition
and operating results. For risk factors related to the proposed SoFi Business Combination, see the “Risk Factors” section
of the SoFi Disclosure Statement that we have filed with the SEC. Risks Relating to
Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate a Business Combination Our public
shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial
Business Combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve
our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange rules or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the rules of the NYSE currently
allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a general meeting, but would still require us to obtain shareholder approval if
we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our issued and outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business
Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our issued and
outstanding shares, we would seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable
law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or
will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be
based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require
us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may consummate our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority
of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we consummate. If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote
in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Unlike some other blank check
companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes
cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders, directors and
officers have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into
with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a
result, in addition to our initial shareholders’ founder shares, we would need 30,187,501, or 37.5% (assuming all
issued and outstanding shares are voted), or 5,031,251, or 6.25% (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a
quorum are voted), of the 80,500,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial
Business Combination in order to have such initial Business Combination approved. Our directors and officers have also
entered into the letter agreement, imposing similar obligations on them with respect to public shares acquired by them, if
any. We expect that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees will own at least 20% of our issued and
outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our
initial Business Combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the
case if such persons agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public
shareholders. 7 Your only opportunity
to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem
your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such Business Combination. At the time of your investment in us, you
will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since
our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have
the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not
seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may
be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in
our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. The ability
of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business
Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a Business Combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition
and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions
payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination and
such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial Business Combination.
If we are able to consummate an initial Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders
will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 following such redemptions,
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination.
Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and
the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware
of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. The ability
of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete
the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement
for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore,
we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption.
If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account
to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption
than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the Trust Account
or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence
of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable
Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability
of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability
that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem
your shares. If our initial Business Combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial Business
Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust
Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such
time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may
suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate
or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 8 The requirement
that we complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business
Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial
Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which
we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the end of the 24-month period. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter
into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not
be able to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders
may receive only $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our Sponsor, directors and officers have
agreed that we must complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business Combination within such time period. Our
ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the
capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or
a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally
and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete
our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party
financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such
as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses
we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within such time period or during any Extension Period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the
number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders’ rights
as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only $10.00 per share, or less than $10.00 per share,
on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be
less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. Our search
for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially
adversely affected by the COVID-19 outbreak and other events and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected,
and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely
affect, economies and financial markets worldwide, business operations and the conduct of commerce generally, and the business
of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be, or may already have been, materially
and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue
to restrict travel or limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, or the target company’s personnel, vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19
impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted,
including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its
impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant
outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
affected. In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events
(such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of
increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us
or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also
have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section, such as those related
to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 9 If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business
Combination and reduce the public “float” of our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares
or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial
Business Combination. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if
it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial Business Combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our
initial Business Combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information),
our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and
others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination
or not redeem their public shares. However, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates are
under no obligation or duty to do so and they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares
in favor of our initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial
Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth
or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise
not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or
to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination.
This may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made,
the public “float” of our securities and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly
making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder
fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails
to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules
or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance
with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable,
that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various
procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails
to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You are not
entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Because we had net tangible assets in excess
of $5,000,000 upon the successful completion of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and
filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including our audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business
Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the Initial Public Offering was subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account to us unless and until the funds
in the Trust Account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination. If we seek
shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules,
and if you or a “group” of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares, you
will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our
initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together
with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares,” without
our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if
you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to
the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. 10 Because of
our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to
complete our initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period,
our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of
their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. We have encountered, and expect to continue
to encounter, intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international,
competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have
extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing
services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry
knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors.
Additionally, the number of blank check companies looking for business combination targets has increased compared to recent years
and many of these blank check companies are sponsored by entities or persons that have significant experience with completing business
combinations. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain
target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval
of our initial Business Combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially
reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within
the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders
may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. As the number of special purpose
acquisition companies increases, there may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial Business Combination.
This could increase the costs associated with completing our initial Business Combination and may result in our inability to find
a suitable target for our initial Business Combination. In recent years, the number of special
purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into Business Combinations
with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for
their initial Business Combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify
a suitable target for an initial Business Combination. In addition, because there are more special
purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for
available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business
Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target
for and/or complete our initial Business Combination. If the funds
not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. The funds available to us outside of the
Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant
costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need for capital through potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in the section of the annual report titled “Item
7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” However, our affiliates
are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties
necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue
as a going concern at such time. Of the funds available to us, we
could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target
business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop” provision (a
provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from “shopping” around for transactions with
other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we enter into a letter of intent where we
paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds
(whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct
due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the
required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain
circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. See “— If third
parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. 11 Changes in
the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and
complete an initial Business Combination. In recent months, the market for directors
and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management
team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such
policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue
into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result
of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable
terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the
post-Business Combination’s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, after completion of any initial
Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged
to have occurred prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business
Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate
our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. If third parties
bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by
shareholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account
may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other
than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with
us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our
public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented
from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility
or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage
with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute
an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives
available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes
that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we
may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise
or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver
or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares,
if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, or upon the exercise of a redemption
right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that
were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption
amount received by public shareholders could be less than the $10.00 per public share initially held in the Trust Account, due
to claims of such creditors. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) $10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in
the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of
the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event
that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent
of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Our Sponsor may not have
sufficient funds available to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations, and therefore,
no funds are currently set aside to cover any such obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against
the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.00
per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per public share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors or officers will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 12 Our directors
may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the
Trust Account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust
Account are reduced below the lesser of (1) $10.00 per public share or (2) such lesser amount per public share held in
the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our
independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available
for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. The securities
in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of
the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than $10.00 per
share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account
will be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing
solely in U.S. Treasuries. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they
have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below
zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in
the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination
or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled
to receive their pro rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or
payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, $100,000 of interest). Negative interest
rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders
may be less than $10.00 per share. If, after we
distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds,
and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing
the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or insolvency laws as a voidable performance. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts
received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors,
thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages. If, before
distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
winding-up or bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have
priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public shareholders, we file a winding-up or bankruptcy petition or an involuntary winding-up or bankruptcy
petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable insolvency
law, and may be included in our liquidation estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of
our shareholders. To the extent any liquidation claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be
received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. If we are deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements
and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: · | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and · | restrictions on the issuance of securities; each of which may make it difficult for
us to complete our initial Business Combination. 13 In addition, we may have imposed upon us
burdensome requirements, including: · | registration as an investment company with the SEC; · | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and · | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. We do not believe that our anticipated
principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be invested by the
trustee only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely
in U.S. Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment
of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in
Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder
our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in
laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements, our business combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-business
combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and
regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may
also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to
negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable
laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to
negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. If we have
not completed our initial Business Combination within the allotted time period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond
such allotted time period before redemption from our Trust Account. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, we will distribute
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), pro rata to our public shareholders by way of redemption and cease
all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders
from the Trust Account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to windup, liquidate the Trust Account and distribute such amount therein,
pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must
comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the allotted time
period before the redemption proceeds of our Trust Account become available to them and they receive the return of their pro rata
portion of the proceeds from our Trust Account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption
or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have properly sought to redeem their
Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions
if we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period and do not amend certain provisions of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior thereto. Our shareholders
may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their
shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent
liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately
following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our
directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and
thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors
and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while
we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable
for a fine of up to approximately $18,300 and to imprisonment for up to five years in the Cayman Islands. 14 We may not
hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our public shareholders will not
have the right to elect or remove directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our
listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors.
Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with
management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote
on the appointment of directors prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination. In addition, holders of a majority of
our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The grant of
registration rights to our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial
Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
shares. At or after the time of our initial Business
Combination, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of their founder shares
after those shares convert to our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand
that we register the resale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
Private Placement Warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that
we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear
the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence
of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the
shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares
owned by our initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, our Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued in connection
with working capital loans are registered for resale. Because we
are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination,
you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. Although we expect to focus our search
for a target business in the technology industry, we may seek to complete a Business Combination with an operating company of any
size (subject to our satisfaction of the 80% of net assets test) and in any industry, sector or geographic area. However, we will
not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination
solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached
any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks
of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects.
To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations
with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or development
stage entity. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate
time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to
control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment
in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity
were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder
or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities.
Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek
acquisition opportunities outside the technology industries, which may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise. We will consider a Business Combination
outside the technology industries, which may be outside of our management’s areas of expertise, if a Business Combination
candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company.
In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s
expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and our management’s expertise would not be relevant
to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors relevant to such acquisition. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who
chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 15 Although we
have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may
enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the
target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our
general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our
initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with
a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination
with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption
rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or
stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more
difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general
criteria and guidelines. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public
shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust
Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek
acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record
of revenue or earnings. To the extent we complete our initial Business
Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or
earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include
investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings,
intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our
control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not
required to obtain an opinion regarding fairness. Consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price
we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial Business
Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion that the price we are paying is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will
be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. We may issue
additional Class A ordinary shares or preferred shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of
the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances
would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share,
50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value $0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 undesignated preferred shares, par value $0.0001
per share. As of December 31, 2020, there were 391,375,000 and 29,875,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares
and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account shares reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. Class B ordinary shares
are convertible into Class A ordinary shares, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein.
As of December 31, 2020, there were no preferred shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional
Class A ordinary shares, and may issue preferred shares, in order to complete our initial Business Combination or under an
employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares to
redeem the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our
initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior
to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (1) receive
funds from the Trust Account or (2) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial Business Combination. The issuance
of additional ordinary shares or preferred shares: 16 · | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; · | may subordinate the rights of holders of ordinary shares if preferred shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our ordinary shares; · | could cause a change of control if a substantial number of our ordinary shares is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present directors and officers; · | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; · | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, ordinary shares and/or warrants; and · | may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Our initial
Business Combination may involve a jurisdiction that could impose taxes on shareholders. We may, subject to requisite shareholder
approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction,
reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, or reincorporate in another jurisdiction.
Such transactions may result in tax liability for a shareholder or warrant holder in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder
or warrant holder is a tax resident (or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity), in which the target
company is located, or in which we reincorporate. In the event of a reincorporation pursuant to our initial Business Combination,
such tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders
to pay such taxes. Resources could
be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate
and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of
each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders
may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and
our warrants will expire worthless. We may engage
in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with
our Sponsor, directors or officers which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor,
directors and officers with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors
and officers. Certain of our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including those
described under “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance — Conflicts of Interest.”
Such entities, including the Other Existing SCH SPACs, may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. If we determined
that an affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement that we, or a committee of independent and disinterested
directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly
renders fairness opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, regarding the fairness to our company from
a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers,
potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous
to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 17 Since our initial
shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest
may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. Our initial shareholders collectively own
20% of our issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming they do not purchase any units in the
Initial Public Offering), for which they paid an aggregate amount of $25,000. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not
complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate
of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable for one Class A ordinary share, for a purchase price of $16,000,000 in
the aggregate, or $2.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a Business Combination. Each Private Placement
Warrant may be exercised for one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided
herein. The founder shares are identical to the
ordinary shares included in the Units except that: (1) prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of the
founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove
a member of the board of directors for any reason; (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions contained
in a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us; (3) pursuant to such
letter agreement, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive: (i) their redemption rights with
respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them, as applicable, in connection with the completion of our initial Business
Combination; (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection
with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity;
and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares they hold if
we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during
any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public
shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame); (4) the founder
shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination, or earlier
at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described
in more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial Business Combination
to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares and any public shares held by them purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of our initial Business Combination. While we do not expect our board of directors
to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement prior to our initial Business Combination,
it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses
to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our initial Business
Combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our
initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment
in our securities. The personal and financial interests of
our Sponsor, directors and officers may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination,
completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination.
This risk may become more acute as the 24-month deadline following the closing of the Initial Public Offering nears, which is the
deadline for the completion of our initial Business Combination. In order to
effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their charters
and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us
to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial
business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and
modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the
definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business
combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for
cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires at least a
special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law. A resolution is deemed to be a special resolution
as a matter of Cayman Islands law where it has been approved by either (1) holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher
threshold specified in a company’s articles of association) of a company’s ordinary shares at a general meeting
for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given or (2) if so
authorized by a company’s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company’s
shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be
approved either by holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting (i.e., the
lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the
appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval of the holders of a
majority of at least 90% of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting), or by a unanimous written
resolution of all of our shareholders. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended
without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform
the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth
in the prospectus related to our Initial Public Offering, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions
with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem
necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants
under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of at least 65%
of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the private placement
warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the private placement warrants will also require at
least 65% of the then outstanding private placement warrants. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including the warrant agreement, or extend the
time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. To the extent any
of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for,
the affected securities. 18 We may issue
notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect
our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders’ investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt
to complete our initial Business Combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from
the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the Trust Account. As such,
no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the Trust Account. Nevertheless, the incurrence
of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: · | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; · | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; · | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; · | our inability to pay dividends on our ordinary shares; · | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; · | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; · | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and · | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may be able
to complete only one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services.
This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may effectuate our initial Business
Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However,
we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors,
including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements
with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated
on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity our lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: · | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 19 · | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. We may attempt
to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our
initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire
several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional
risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if
there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services
or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could
negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt
to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result
in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we
may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally
exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business
Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable
as we suspected, if at all. We do not have
a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a
Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 following such redemptions, or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. As
a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders
do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered
into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective
affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all public shares that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed
the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all ordinary
shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. Certain provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding
provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account) may be amended with the approval of holders
of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, which is a lower amendment threshold than
that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our
shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have
a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a
company’s pre-Business Combination activity, without approval by holders of a certain percentage of the
company’s shares. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by holders holding
between 90% and 100% of the company’s public shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants into the Trust Account and not
release such amounts except in specified circumstances), may be amended if approved by holders of at least two-thirds of our
ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the
release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our ordinary shares (other than
amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business
Combination, which require the approval of the holders of a majority of at least 90% of our ordinary shares attending and
voting in a general meeting). Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20% of our ordinary shares, may
participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and
will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily
than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete our initial Business Combination with
which you do not agree. In certain circumstances, our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 20 We may be unable
to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business
Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant
number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated
transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing
or to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms,
if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination,
we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative
target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional
financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target
business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth
of the target business. None of our directors, officers or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial Business Combination. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within the required time
period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our initial
shareholders will control the election of our board of directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will
hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will appoint all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination
and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own 20% of our
issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In addition, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of the founder shares
will have the right to appoint all of our directors and may remove members of the board of directors for any reason. Holders of
our public shares will have no right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of a majority
of at least 90% of our ordinary shares attending and voting in a general meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence
over the appointment of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, as a result of their substantial
ownership in our company, our initial shareholders may exert a substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial shareholders purchase any Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket
or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their influence over these actions. Accordingly, our initial shareholders
will exert significant influence over actions requiring a shareholder vote at least until the completion of our initial Business
Combination. A provision
of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. Unlike some blank check companies, if · | we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), · | the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and · | the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be
equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $10.00 per share redemption trigger price
applicable to our warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target
business. 21 Our warrants
and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial Business Combination. We issued warrants to purchase 20,125,000
Class A ordinary shares, at a price of $11.50 per whole share (subject to adjustment as provided herein), as part of the Units
sold in the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in the Private
Placement an aggregate of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at
a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. Our initial shareholders currently hold 20,125,000 Class B
ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject
to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor, an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our directors and officers
make any working capital loans, up to $2,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of $2.00 per warrant
at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. To the extent we issue Class A
ordinary shares to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A
ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants or conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target
business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value
of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may
make it more difficult to effectuate a Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the Units except that, so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they
will not be redeemable by us (except under limited exceptions); (2) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor
until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a
cashless basis; and (4) they (including the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration
rights. Because we
must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a
proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements
in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination
within the prescribed time frame. Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require
substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ending December 31, 2021. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and
no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes
compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies
because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity
to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. If our management
team pursues a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may
face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such combination, and if we effect such initial
Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If our management team pursues a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks
associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our
initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign market, having such transaction approved by any local governments,
regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. 22 If we effect our initial Business Combination
with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
setting (including how relevant governments respond to such factors), including any of the following: · | costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; · | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; · | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; · | laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; · | tariffs and trade barriers; · | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; · | longer payment cycles; · | tax consequences, such as tax law changes, including termination or reduction of tax and other incentives that the applicable government provides to domestic companies, and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; · | currency fluctuations and exchange controls, including devaluations and other exchange rate movements; · | rates of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; · | liquidity of domestic capital and lending markets; · | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; · | cultural and language differences; · | employment regulations; · | energy shortages; · | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, wars and other forms of social instability; · | deterioration of political relations with the United States; · | obligatory military service by personnel; and · | government appropriation of assets. We may not be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such combination or, if we complete such combination,
our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Risks
Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company We may face
risks related to companies in the technology industries. Business combinations with companies in
the technology industries entail special considerations and risks. If we are successful in completing a Business Combination with
such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: · | an inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; · | an inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; · | an inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; 23 · | a reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; · | an inability to deal with our subscribers’ or customers’ privacy concerns; · | an inability to attract and retain subscribers or customers; · | an inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; · | any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations; · | an inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; · | potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; · | competition for advertising revenue; · | competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; · | disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, “cyber-attacks,” misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; · | an inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and · | reliance on third-party vendors or service providers. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse
impact on our operations following a Business Combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will
not be limited to the technology industries. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will
be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or
may not be different than those risks listed above. For risk factors related to the proposed SoFi Business Combination, see the
 “Risk Factors” section of the SoFi Disclosure Statement that we have filed with the SEC. Subsequent
to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence
on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may
be present with a particular target business that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of
these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other
charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even
though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may
cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who
chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. After our initial
Business Combination, our results of operations and prospects could be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political,
social and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions,
as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could
be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If
in the future such country’s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect
our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our
initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. 24 Our management
may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that,
upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably
operate such business. We may structure our initial Business Combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will complete such Business Combination only if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50% or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in
the post Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial Business Combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new ordinary shares in exchange
for all of the issued and outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity securities of a target, or issue a substantial number
of new shares to third-parties in connection with financing our initial Business Combination. In this case, we would acquire a
100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new ordinary shares, our shareholders
immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to
such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person
or group obtaining a larger share of our shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our
management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We may have
limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination
with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should
the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations
and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who
chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The directors and officers of an acquisition
candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target’s
key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition
candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although
we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated with the acquisition
candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate
will not wish to remain in place. After our initial
Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all
or substantially all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal
securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial Business
Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all or substantially all of
our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors
in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce
judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under
United States laws. If our management
following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources
becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial Business Combination,
any or all of our management could resign from their positions as officers of the company, and the management of the target business
at the time of the Business Combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S.
securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. Risks Relating To
Our Management Team and Conflicts of Interest We are dependent
upon our directors and officers and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a
relatively small group of individuals and in particular, Chamath Palihapitiya, Chairman of our board of directors and our
Chief Executive Officer, and Ian Osborne, our President and one of our directors. We believe that our success depends on the
continued service of our directors and officers, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In
addition, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly,
will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential
Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Moreover, certain of our directors and officers have time and
attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our Sponsor are the investment managers. We do not have an
employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the
services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 25 Our ability
to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our
key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of our or a target’s key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our
initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with
the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping
them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the directors and officers
of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination
target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role
of an acquisition candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained
at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate’s management team will remain associated
with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an
acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. Our key personnel
may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination.
These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause
them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain
with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business
Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests
of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of
our initial Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any
potential Business Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion
of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory
positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our
initial Business Combination. Our directors
and officers will allocate their time to other businesses, including the Other Existing SCH SPACs, thereby causing conflicts of
interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact
on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our directors and officers are not
required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating
their time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to
have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our officers is engaged in
several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to, or otherwise expect to receive, substantial compensation or
other economic benefit and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs.
In particular, all of our officers and certain of our directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to either Social
Capital or Hedosophia and to certain companies in which either of them has invested or are otherwise affiliated with,
including the Other Existing SCH SPACs and companies in industries we may target for our initial Business Combination.
Certain of our independent directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities, including the Other
Existing SCH SPACs. In addition, each of the Other Existing SCH SPACs has not yet completed an initial business combination,
each of which may require a substantial amount of time, resources and attention from the members of our management team that
are affiliated with such entity relating to due diligence, negotiation, structuring and other relevant efforts in connection
with an initial business combination. Our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs, including the search
or consummation of a business combination for each of the Other Existing SCH SPACs, as applicable, may require them to devote
substantial amounts of time to such affairs. This could limit our officers’ and directors’ ability to devote time
to our affairs, which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a
discussion of our officers’ and directors’ other business endeavors, please see “Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officer and Corporate Governance.” 26 Certain of
our directors and officers are now, and expect in the future to become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity
a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial Business
Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and certain
of our directors and officers are affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business and in the future also expect
to become affiliated with other entities that are engaged in a similar business. For example, Mr. Palihapitiya and Hedosophia
have also incorporated the Other Existing SCH SPACs, each a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company
for the purpose of effecting its own initial Business Combination. Mr. Palihapitiya is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Directors of the Other Existing SCH SPACs, Mr. Osborne is the President and a director of the Other Existing
SCH SPACs, and each of our other officers is an officer of the Other Existing SCH SPACs, and each of the foregoing owe fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law to the Other Existing SCH SPACs. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited
from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their
initial Business Combinations, prior to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement may result in
conflicts of interests as described above. Any other special purpose acquisition company may also have terms that are the same
or different than our terms, including terms that are more favorable to its investors and/or potential target businesses. Moreover,
certain of our directors and officers have time and attention requirements for investment funds of which affiliates of our Sponsor
are the investment managers and for each of the Other Existing SCH SPACs. Our directors and officers also may become
aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain
fiduciary or contractual duties or otherwise have an interest in, including the Other Existing SCH SPACs and any other special
purpose acquisition company in which they may become involved with. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential
target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any
corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in
his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable
basis. For a complete discussion of our officers’
and directors’ business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see “Item
10.  Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance,” “Item 10.  Directors, Executive
Officer and Corporate Governance  — Conflicts of Interest” and “Item 13  — Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions.” Our directors,
officers, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly
prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or their respective affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or
financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have
an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our
directors or officers. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in
business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests
and ours. In particular, affiliates of our Sponsor have invested in a diverse set of industries. As a result, there may be substantial
overlap between companies that would be a suitable Business Combination for us and companies that would make an attractive target
for such other affiliates. Members of
our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, associated with negative media coverage or
public actions or become involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Members
of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and may lead to, media coverage
and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and affiliated companies have been, and may
from time to time be, associated with negative media coverage or public actions or become involved in legal proceedings or governmental
investigations unrelated to our business. For example, in February 2021, Clover Health, which merged with IPOC, received a letter
from the SEC indicating that it is conducting an investigation and requesting document and data preservation from January 1, 2020
relating to certain matters that were referenced in an article by Hindenburg Research. Any such media coverage, public action,
proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our management team’s reputation and could negatively affect our ability
to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. 27 Risks Relating To
Our Securities You will not
have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment,
therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled
to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (1) our completion of an initial Business Combination,
and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to
the limitations described herein; (2) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our
obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with
respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; and (3) the
redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest
of any kind to or in the Trust Account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with
respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants,
potentially at a loss. The NYSE may
delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities
and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities
will continue to be listed on the NYSE prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on
the NYSE prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally,
we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public shareholders). Additionally, in connection
with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the applicable exchange’s initial
listing requirements, which are more rigorous than continued listing requirements in order to continue to maintain the listing
of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those requirements at that time. If any of our securities are delisted from
trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities
could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: · | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; · | reduced liquidity for our securities; · | a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; · | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and · | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or pre-empts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Our Units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants
currently qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are pre-empted from regulating the sale of covered
securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there
is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While
we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by special purpose acquisition
companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to
use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed
on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in
each state in which we offer our securities. You will not
be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the issuance of the underlying Class A ordinary shares or
certain exemptions are available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial Business
Combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance
of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days
after the closing of our initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current
prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in
the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current,
complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under
the Securities Act in accordance with 28 the above requirements, we will be required
to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you
will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary
shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will
not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such
exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed
on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1)
of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to
file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify
the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash
settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register
or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance
of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the
holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless.
In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely
for the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists
for holders of our Private Placement Warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders
of the public warrants included as part of Units sold in the Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its
permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell
the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants
and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities
laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. We may amend
the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at
least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants. Our warrants will be issued in registered
form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing
any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering, or defective provision
or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the
parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of
the registered holders of the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the
vote or written consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects
the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the Private Placement
Warrants will also require at least 65% of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms
of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants approve
of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then
outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the
exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise
of a warrant. We may redeem
your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant if, among other
things, the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on
the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the “Reference
Value”) equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted). If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise
our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise
the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants as described above could force you to: (1) exercise your warrants and
pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so; (2) sell your warrants at the then-current
market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants; or (3) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the
time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to
redeem the outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.10
per warrant if, among other things, the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per share as adjusted. In such a case, the
holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined
based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise
of the warrants (1) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a
later time where the underlying share price is higher and (2) may not compensate the holders for the value of the
warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per
warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. 29 Because each
Unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less
than Units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-fourth of one redeemable
warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units, and only whole
warrants will trade. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one
whole warrant or a greater fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units
in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants
will be exercisable in the aggregate for a fourth of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant
to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive Business Combination partner for target businesses.
Nevertheless, this Unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included one whole warrant or a greater
fraction of one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. Because we
are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability
to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United
States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed
by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended
from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions
by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent
governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited
judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority,
but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our
directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States,
and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition,
Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders’ derivative action in a Federal court of the United
States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands
legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts
of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any
state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil
liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those
provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments
obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign
court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court
imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are
met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated
sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same
matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public
policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public
shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the
board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Our warrant
agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants,
which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall
be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and
that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 30 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York (a “foreign action”) in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York
in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an “enforcement action”),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder’s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit
a warrant holder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which
may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Provisions
in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to
be in their best interests. These provisions include two-year director terms and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. General Risk Factors Our independent
registered public accounting firm’s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a “going concern.” As of December 31, 2020, we had $259,714
in cash and working capital of $877,327. Further, we have incurred, expect to continue to incur, significant costs in pursuit of
our acquisition plans. Management’s plans to address this need are discussed under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial
Business Combination may not be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments that might
result from our inability to continue as a going concern. We are a newly
incorporated company with no operating history and no operating revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective. We are a newly incorporated company incorporated
under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which
to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target
businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination
and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will
never generate any operating revenues. Past performance
by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the company. Information regarding performance by our
management team and their respective affiliates, including IPOA, IPOB, IPOC, the Other Existing SCH SPACs, Social Capital and Hedosophia,
is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and their respective affiliates, including
IPOA, IPOB, IPOC, the Other Existing SCH SPACs, Social Capital and Hedosophia, is not a guarantee either (1) that we will
be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination or (2) of success with respect to any Business
Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their affiliates, including
IPOA, IPOB, IPOC, the Other Existing SCH SPACs, Social Capital and Hedosophia, or any related investment’s performance as
indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate
going forward. We may be a
passive foreign investment company, or “PFIC,” which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to
U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year
(or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S.
Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting
requirements. Our PFIC status for our taxable year ended December 31, 2020, our current taxable year, and our subsequent
taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a Business Combination and whether we
qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception
may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception.
Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our taxable year ended December 31, 2020,
our current taxable year, or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be
determinable until after the end of such taxable year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor
to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) may require, including a
PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a “qualified electing
fund” election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election
would likely be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors
regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our ordinary shares and warrants. 31 We are an emerging
growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities
less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an “emerging growth company”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
including if the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of any second
quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We
cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be
lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our
securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the
JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a
class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that
apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such
extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public
or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt
the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither
an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting
company” as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We
will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary
shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $250 million as of the end of that year’s second fiscal quarter, and
(2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded $100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our
ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds $700 million as of the end of that year’s second fiscal quarter.
To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. Item
1.B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item
2. Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices
at 317 University Ave, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94301. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per month fee that we
will pay an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space
adequate for our current operations. Item
3. Legal Proceedings. In connection with the proposed SoFI Business
Combination, certain purported shareholders of the Company have filed lawsuits, including those described below, and other shareholders
have threatened to file lawsuits alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and violations of the disclosure requirements of the Exchange
Act. The Company believes that these allegations are without merit. These cases are in the early stages and the Company is unable
to reasonably determine the outcome or estimate any potential losses, and, as such, has not recorded a loss contingency. On January 28, 2021, Tim Holtom (“Holtom”), a purported
stockholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, captioned Tim Holtom
v. Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, et al., case number 650647/2021, against the Company and the members of its board
of directors (the “Holtom Complaint”). The Holtom Complaint asserts a breach of fiduciary duty claim against the individual
defendants and an aiding and abetting claim against the Company. The Holtom Complaint alleges, among other things, that (i)
the merger consideration is unfair, and (ii) the registration statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021 regarding
the proposed transaction involving SoFi (the “Registration Statement”) is materially misleading and incomplete. The
Holtom Complaint seeks, among other things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination, rescind the transaction or award rescissory
damages to the extent it is consummated, and an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses. Defendants have not yet responded
to the Holtom Complaint. 32 On January 29, 2021, Ryan Heitt (“Heitt”),
a purported shareholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, captioned
Ryan Heitt v. Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, et al., case number 650685/2021 against the members of its board of directors,
Merger Sub and SoFi (the “Heitt Complaint”). The Heitt Complaint asserts a breach of fiduciary duty claim against the
individual defendants and an aiding and abetting claim against the Company, Merger Sub and SoFi. The Heitt Complaint alleges,
among other things, that the Registration Statement is materially misleading and incomplete. The Heitt Complaint seeks, among other
things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination, rescind the transaction or award rescissory damages to the extent it is consummated,
and an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses. Defendants have not yet responded to the Heitt Complaint. On February 3, 2021, counsel to Holtom
and Heitt sent a joint letter to the Company's counsel (the “Joint Demand”), alleging that they “have identified
several disclosure deficiencies” in the Registration Statement, and demanding that the Company issue corrective disclosures
with regard to certain enumerated items. The Joint Demand asserts that a failure to issue the requested disclosures will
expose the Company and its board of directors to liability. On February 15, 2021, Brian Levy, a purported
shareholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau, captioned Brian Levy
v. Jennifer Dulski, et al., case number 601778/2021, against the members of the Company’s board of directors, SoFi, Citigroup
Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (the “Levy Complaint”). The
lawsuit was filed by Levy individually, and derivatively on behalf of nominal defendant the Company. The Levy Complaint alleges,
among other things, that (i) the merger consideration is unfair, and (ii) the Registration Statement is materially misleading and
incomplete. The Levy Complaint asserts: (i) a derivative claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants;
(ii) a derivative claim for causing the Company to fail to disclose material information against the individual defendants; (iii)
a derivative claim for aiding and abetting the breaches of fiduciary duties against SoFi, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; (iv) an individual claim for negligent misrepresentation and concealment
against all defendants; and (v) an individual claim for fraudulent misrepresentation and concealment against all defendants. The
Levy Complaint seeks, among other things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination, an award of compensatory and/or recessionary
damages, and an award of attorneys' fees and expenses. Defendants have not yet responded to the Levy Complaint. Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 33 PART
II. Item
5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. (a) | Market Information Our Units began trading on the NYSE on
October 9, 2020. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant to purchase one Class
A ordinary share. On November 27, 2020, we announced that holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary
shares and redeemable warrants included in the Units commencing on November 30, 2020. Any Units not separated continue to trade
on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “IPOE.U.” Any underlying Class A ordinary shares and redeemable warrants
that were separated trade on the NYSE under the symbols “IPOE” and “IPOE WS,” respectively. (b) | Holders As of March 15, 2021, there was approximately
one holder of record of our Units, approximately one holder of record of our separately traded Class A ordinary share, and
approximately two holders of record of our redeemable warrants. (c) | Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on
our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and
general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent
to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board
of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. In
September 2020 and October 2020, we effected share capitalizations, resulting in an aggregate of 20,125,000 founder shares issued
and outstanding, in order to maintain the number of founder shares at 20% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) | Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. (e) | Performance Graph The performance graph has been omitted
as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. (f) | Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings On
October 14, 2020, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 80,500,000 Units, inclusive of 10,500,000 Units sold to the underwriters
upon the election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds
of $805,000,000. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share, and one-fourth of
one redeemable warrant of the Company. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share Ordinary
Share for $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Credit Suisse acted as the sole book-running manager. The securities sold in
the offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statements on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-248915 and 333-249396).
The registration statements became effective on October 8, 2020. Simultaneously
with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, and the exercise of the over-allotment option in full and the sale of the
Private Placement Warrants, we consummated a private placement of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price
of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $16,000,000. Such securities were issued pursuant to the exemption
from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering except that,
so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by us (except in certain
redemption scenarios when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00 (as adjusted)); (2) they (including the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the
holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including the Class A ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are
entitled to registration rights. 34 Of the gross proceeds received from the
Initial Public Offering and the full exercise of the option to purchase additional Units, $805,000,000 was placed in the Trust
Account. We paid a total of $14,000,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and $484,062 for other costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters
agreed to defer $28,175,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. For a description of the use of the proceeds
generated in our Initial Public Offering, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations”. Item
6. Selected Financial Data. Selected financial data has been omitted
as permitted under rules applicable to smaller reporting companies. Item
7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. References to the “Company,”
 “our,” “us” or “we” refer to Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V . The following
discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with
our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of many factors, including those that are set forth in our preliminary prospectus/proxy statement included in the Registration
Statement on Form S-4 that we have filed with the SEC relating to our proposed business combination with Social Finance,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “SoFi Business Combination”), and those set forth under “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary,” “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands on July 10, 2020, formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares,
debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant
costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Recent Developments On January 7, 2021, we entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Plutus Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and our direct
wholly owned subsidiary, and Social Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“SoFi”). The Merger Agreement provides that, among
other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following transactions will occur (together with the
other agreements and transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “SoFi Business Combination”): (i) prior
to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Closing”), we will domesticate as a Delaware
corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the “DGCL”), and the
Cayman Islands Companies Law (2020 Revision) (the “Domestication”), (ii) at the Closing, upon the terms and subject
to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and into SoFi, with SoFi continuing
as the surviving corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary (the “Merger”), (iii) upon consummation of the Merger,
and subject to the adjustments provided in the Merger Agreement, all of the common stock and preferred stock of SoFi, excluding
the Company Redeemable Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), which will convert into Acquiror Series 1 Preferred
Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), will be converted into the right to receive an aggregate number of shares of our common
stock (after the Domestication), par value $0.0001 per share (“SCH Common Stock”), equal to the quotient obtained by
dividing (x) $6,569,840,376 by (y) $10.00 and (iv) upon the consummation of the Merger, we will be renamed “SoFi Technologies,
Inc.” The Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions contained in the Merger Agreement,
including the approval of our shareholders. On January 7, 2021, concurrently with the
execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into subscription agreements with certain investors (collectively, the “PIPE
Investors”), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, the PIPE Investors have collectively
subscribed for 122.5 million shares of SCH Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to $1,225.0 million (the “PIPE
Investment”), a portion of which is expected to be funded by one or more affiliates of the Sponsor. The PIPE Investment will
be consummated substantially concurrently with the Closing. 35 The consummation of the
proposed SoFi Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. For more information about the Merger Agreement
and the proposed SoFi Business Combination, see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2021, as amended
on January 12, 2021, and the SoFi Disclosure Statement that we have filed with the SEC. Unless specifically stated, this Annual
Report does not give effect to the proposed SoFi Business Combination and does not contain the risks associated with the proposed
SoFi Business Combination. Such risks and effects relating to the proposed SoFi Business Combination are included in the SoFi Disclosure
Statement. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations
nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2020 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target for our Business Combination, activities
in connection with the proposed acquisition of SoFi. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held
in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing
compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. For the period from July 10, 2020
(inception) through December 31, 2020, we had a net loss of $646,393, which consists of operating and formation costs of $663,611
offset by interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $17,218. Liquidity and Capital Resources On October 14, 2020, we consummated the
Initial Public Offering of 80,500,000 Units, inclusive of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their option to purchase
an additional 10,500,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $805,000,000. Simultaneously with the
closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price
of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant generating gross proceeds of $16,000,000. Following the Initial Public Offering,
the exercise of the over-allotment option in full and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of $805,000,000 was placed
in the Trust Account and we had $1,681,999 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related to the Initial
Public Offering, and available for working capital purposes. We incurred $42,659,062 in transaction costs, including $14,000,000
of underwriting fees, $28,175,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $484,062 of other offering costs. For the period from July 10, 2020
(inception) through December 31, 2020, net cash used in operating activities was $1,286,224. Net loss of $646,393 was impacted
by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $17,218. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used
$622,613 of cash from operating activities. At December 31, 2020, we had investments
held in the Trust Account of $805,017,218. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including
any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding deferred underwriting commissions, to complete our Business
Combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. To the extent that our share capital or debt
is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account
will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. At December 31, 2020, we had cash of $259,714
held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate
target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar
locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business
Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business
Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to $2,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants, at a price of $2.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. We will need to raise additional capital
through loans or additional investments from our sponsors, or an affiliate of our Sponsor, officers, directors, or third parties.
Our sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If
we are unable to raise additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through October 14, 2022, the date that
we will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated.
These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the
classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 36 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2020. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would
have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or
purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital
lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor
a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, administrative and support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these
fees on October 14, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination
and the Company’s liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred
fee of $0.35 per unit, or $28,175,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported.
Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following any critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares
subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480
 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as
a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that
feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain
events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as
shareholders’ equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of
our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders’ equity section of our consolidated balance
sheet. Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share We apply the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
redemption is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable taxes, if any, by the weighted
average number of shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding for the period. Net income
(loss) per ordinary, basic and diluted for and non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing net loss less income attributable
to Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of shares of non-redeemable ordinary
shares outstanding for the period presented. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our consolidated
financial statements. 37 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 38 Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP.
V INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-1
Financial Statements:
Consolidated Balance Sheet | F-2
Consolidated Statement of Operations | F-3
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity | F-4
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows | F-5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-6 to F-18 39 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the period
from July 10, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial
statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from July 10, 2020 (inception)
through December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph – Going
Concern The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the
financial statements, the Company’s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s
cash and working capital as of December 31, 2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (the “PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such
opinion. Our audit included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2020 . New York, NY March 17, 2021 F- 1 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP.
V CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2020 ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 259,714
Prepaid expenses | 801,063
Total Current Assets | 1,060,777
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 805,017,218
Total Assets | $ | 806,077,995
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 178,450
Advance from related party | 5,000
Total Current Liabilities | 183,450
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 28,175,000
Total Liabilities | 28,358,450
Commitments
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 77,270,301 shares at redemption value | 772,719,537
Shareholders’ Equity
Preference shares, $0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 3,229,699 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 77,270,301 shares subject to possible redemption) | 323
Class B ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 20,125,000 shares issued and outstanding | 2,013
Additional paid-in capital | 5,644,065
Accumulated deficit | (646,393 | )
Total Shareholders’ Equity | 5,000,008
Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity | $ | 806,077,995 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 2 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP.
V CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 10, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Formation and operational costs | $ | 663,611
Loss from operations | (663,611 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 17,218
Other income | 17,218
Net loss | $ | (646,393 | )
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | 77,306,600
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.00
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable ordinary shares | 20,095,027
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable ordinary shares | $ | (0.03 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 3 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP.
V CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 10, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Class A Ordinary Shares | Class B Ordinary Shares | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Shareholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – July 10, 2020 (inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor (1) | — | — | 20,125,000 | 2,013 | 22,987 | — | 25,000
Sale of 80,500,000 Units, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs | 80,500,000 | 8,050 | — | — | 762,332,888 | — | 762,340,938
Sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 16,000,000 | — | 16,000,000
Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (77,270,301 | ) | (7,727 | ) | — | — | (772,711,810 | ) | — | (772,719,537 | )
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (646,393 | ) | (646,393 | )
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 3,229,699 | $ | 323 | 20,125,000 | $ | 2,013 | $ | 5,644,065 | $ | (646,393 | ) | $ | 5,000,008 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 4 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP.
V CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM JULY 10, 2020 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (646,393 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (17,218 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | (801,063 | )
Accrued expenses | 178,450
Net cash used in operating activities | (1,286,224 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (805,000,000 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (805,000,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor | 25,000
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | 791,000,000
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 16,000,000
Advances from related party | 5,000
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 400,000
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (400,000 | )
Payment of offering costs | (484,062 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 806,545,938
Net Change in Cash | 259,714
Cash – Beginning | —
Cash – Ending | $ | 259,714
Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities:
Initial classification of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 773,360,930
Change in value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | (641,393 | )
Deferred underwriting fee payable | $ | 28,175,000 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements. F- 5 SOCIAL CAPITAL
HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION
AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Social Capital
Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V (the “Company”) is blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company
on July 10, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company has one
subsidiary, Plutus Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware on December 30, 2020 (“Merger
Sub”). As of December
31, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from July 10, 2020 (inception) through
December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”),
which is described below, identifying a target company for a Business Combination, activities in connection with the proposed acquisition
of Social Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation (" SoFi ") (see Note 9). The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating income in the
form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The
registration statements for the Company’s Initial Public Offering became effective on October 8, 2020. On October 14, 2020,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 80,500,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A
ordinary shares included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters
of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 10,500,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $805,000,000 which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 8,000,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”) at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Company’s sponsor,
SCH Sponsor V LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (the “Sponsor”) , generating
gross proceeds of $16,000,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction
costs amounted to $42,659,062, consisting of $14,000,000 of underwriting fees, $28,175,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $484,062
of other offering costs. In
connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October 14, 2020, an amount of $805,000,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from
the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed
in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) located in the United States and invested in U.S. government securities,
within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment
Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as
a money market fund meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company,
until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust
Account to the Company’s shareholders, as described below. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally
toward consummating a Business Combination. The New York Stock Exchange rules require that the Business Combination must be with
one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50%
or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no
assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. F- 6 SOCIAL CAPITAL
HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The
Company will provide the holders of the Public Shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with the opportunity to redeem
all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination, either (i) in connection with a
shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to
whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the
Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in
the Trust Account, calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its
tax obligations. The per-share amount to be distributed to the Public Shareholders who redeem their shares will not be
reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). There
will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The Company
will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting
commission, of at least $5,000,001 following any related share redemptions and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives
an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority
of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company
does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”), and file tender offer documents containing substantially the same information as would be included
in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Company’s Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public
Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and to waive its redemption
rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve a Business Combination or seek to sell
any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination. Additionally, subject to the immediately
succeeding paragraph, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination and the Company does not conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with
whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than
15% of the Public Shares without the Company’s prior written consent. The Sponsor
has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination (and not seek to sell its shares to the Company in any tender offer the Company undertakes
in connection with its initial Business Combination) and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in
connection with the Company’s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not
complete a Business Combination within Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating
to shareholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The
Company will have until October 14, 2022 to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company has not completed a
Business Combination by October 14, 2022 (as such period may be extended pursuant to the Company’s Amended and Restated
Memorandum and Articles of Association, the “Combination Period”), the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to $100,000 of interest to
pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish the rights of the Public Shareholders as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company’s remaining Public Shareholders and its Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case
to the Company’s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. In the event of a liquidation, the Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive a full pro rata
interest in the Trust Account. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the
Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the
Combination Period. F- 7 SOCIAL CAPITAL
HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 In order
to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company, if and to the extent
any claims by a third party (other than the Company’s independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to the
Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) $10.00 per Public Share or (2) such lesser amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company’s indemnity of the
underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the “Securities Act”). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than the Company’s independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Management continues
to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have
a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the
specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Liquidity and Going Concern As of December 31,
2020, the Company had $259,714 in its operating bank accounts, $805,017,218 in securities held in the Trust Account to be used
for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem its ordinary shares in connection therewith and working capital of $877,327.
As of December 31, 2020, approximately $17,000 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which
is available to pay the Company’s tax obligations. Until the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company will
need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, shareholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. The Company’s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from
time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company’s working
capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional
capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited
to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot
provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered
to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might
be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. F- 8 SOCIAL CAPITAL
HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated
financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Principles of Consolidation The accompanying
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its majority owned subsidiary where the Company has
the ability to exercise control. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Activities in relation to the noncontrolling interest are not considered to be significant and are, therefore, not presented in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Emerging Growth Company The Company
is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to,
not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements,
and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company
has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has
different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised
standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s consolidated
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation
of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the
effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which
management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events.
Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. F- 9 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company
considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The
Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020. Marketable Securities Held in Trust
Account At December 31, 2020,
substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market funds which are invested primarily in U.S.
Treasury Securities. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to
Possible Redemption The Company accounts
for its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including
ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the
occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other
times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A ordinary shares feature certain
redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future
events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity,
outside of the shareholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company
accounts for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes” (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement and tax basis of
assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740
additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred
tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740
also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December
31, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or
material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company
is considered an exempted Cayman Islands Company and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements
in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company’s tax provision was zero for the period presented. On March 27,
2020, President Trump signed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security “CARES” Act into law. The CARES
Act includes several significant business tax provisions that, among other things, would eliminate the taxable income limit
for certain net operating losses (“NOLs”) and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020
to the five prior years, suspend the excess business loss rules, accelerate refunds of previously generated corporate
alternative minimum tax credits, generally loosen the business interest limitation under IRC section 163(j) from 30 percent
to 50 percent among other technical corrections included in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax provisions. The Company does not
believe that the CARES Act will have a significant impact on Company's financial position or statement of operations. F- 10 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share Net income (loss)
per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding
ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering
and private placement to purchase an aggregate of 28,125,000 shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise
of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The Company’s
consolidated statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for common shares subject to possible redemption
in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per ordinary, basic and diluted, for
Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income or loss on marketable
securities held by the Trust Account by the weighted average number of Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption outstanding
since original issuance. Net income (loss)
per share, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable ordinary shares is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), adjusted for
income or loss on marketable securities attributable to Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average
number of non-redeemable ordinary shares outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable common
stock includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable ordinary shares as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
ordinary shares participate in the income or loss on marketable securities based on non-redeemable shares’ proportionate
interest. The following table
reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share (in dollars, except per share amounts): For the Period from July 10, 2020 (Inception) Through December 31, 2020
Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 16,528
Net income allocable to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 16,528
Denominator: Weighted Average Class A Ordinary shares subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 77,306,600
Basic and diluted net income per share | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator: Net Loss minus Net Earnings
Net loss | $ | (646,393 | )
Less: Net income allocable to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption | (16,528 | )
Non-redeemable net loss | $ | (662,921 | )
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-redeemable ordinary shares
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable ordinary shares | 20,095,027
Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-redeemable ordinary shares | $ | (0.03 | ) Concentration of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which, at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage limit of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses
on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair
value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value
Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet, primarily due
to their short-term nature. F- 11 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Recent Accounting Standards Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 80,500,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of
its option to purchase an additional 10,500,000 Units, at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A
ordinary share and one-fourth of one redeemable warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the
holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of $11.50 per whole share, subject to adjustment (see Note
7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at
a price of $2.00 per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $16,000,000. Each Private Placement Warrant
is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). A portion
of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares On July 10,
2020, the Company issued one ordinary share to the Sponsor for no consideration. On July 16, 2020, the Company cancelled the
one share issued in July 2020 and the Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On
September 17, 2020, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 18,687,500
Founder Shares. On October 8, 2020, the Company effected another share capitalization resulting in the Company’s initial
shareholders holding an aggregate of 20,125,000 Founder Shares. All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated
to reflect the share capitalizations. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares on the first
business day following the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis,
subject to certain adjustments, as described in Note 7. The Founder
Shares included an aggregate of up to 2,625,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter’s
over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would collectively represent 20%
of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters’
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor
has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Class B ordinary shares or Class A
ordinary shares received upon conversion thereof (together, “Founder Shares”) until the earlier of: (A) one year
after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported
sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends,
rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes
a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s
shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. F- 12 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Administrative Support Agreement The Company
entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on October 14, 2020, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor up to $10,000
per month for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation,
the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from July 10, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, the
Company incurred $25,000, in fees for these services, of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. Advance from Related Party As of October 14,
2020, the Sponsor paid for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The
advances are non-interest bearing and due on demand. At December 31, 2020 advances amounting to $5,000 were outstanding. Promissory Note — Related
Party On July 16,
2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the
Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) June 30, 2021 and (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was amended and
restated on September 17, 2020 solely to increase the amount that could be borrowed to an aggregate principal amount of $400,000.
The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $400,000 was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on October
14, 2020. Related Party Loans In order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working
Capital Loans”). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $2,500,000 of notes may be converted upon
completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of $2.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private
Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside
the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. Restricted Stock Units On November
13, 2020, the Company entered into a Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the “Director Restricted Stock Unit
Award Agreement”), between the Company and Ms. Dulski, a member of the Company's board of directors, providing for the grant
of 100,000 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to Ms. Dulski, which grant is contingent on both the consummation of a Business
Combination with the Company and a shareholder approved equity plan. The RSUs will vest upon the consummation of such Business
Combination and represent 100,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company that will settle on a date selected by the Company in
the year following the year in which such consummation occurs. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Registration Rights Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on October 8, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans
and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such
securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to the Company’s Class A ordinary
shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration
demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and
rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.
However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any
registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The
Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. F- 13 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Underwriting Agreement The underwriter
is entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $28,175,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. Financial Advisory Fee The underwriters
agreed to reimburse the Company for an amount equal to (1) 10% of the non-deferred underwriting commission payable to the
underwriter, of which $1,400,000 was paid to Connaught (UK) Limited (“Connaught”) upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, and (2) 20% of the deferred underwriting commission payable to the underwriter, of which $5,635,000 will be paid
to Connaught upon the closing of the Business Combination. NOTE 7. SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Shares —   The Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 preference shares with a par value
of $0.0001. The Company’s board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences,
the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable
to the shares of each series. The board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with
voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and
could have anti-takeover effects. At December 31, 2020, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A
Ordinary Shares —  The Company is authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share.
At December 31, 2020, there were 3,229,699 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding 77,270,301 Class A
ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B
Ordinary Shares —  The Company is authorized to issue 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares,
with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of the Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At
December 31, 2020, there was 20,125,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Only holders
of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to the Business Combination.
Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to a vote of the Company’s shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The Class B
ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the completion of the Business Combination,
or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A
ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public
Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Founder Shares will convert into Class A
ordinary shares will be adjusted (subject to waiver by holders of a majority of the Class B ordinary shares) so that the number
of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20% of the sum of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus the number
of Class A ordinary shares and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination,
excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination. Warrants — Public
Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public
Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a
Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will
expire five years from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. F- 14 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The Company
will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such Public Warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance
of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto
is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration or a valid exemption from registration
is available. No Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue
any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered
or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. The Company
has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of a Business Combination,
it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance, under the
Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of the Business Combination
and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration
of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A
ordinary shares are, at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant, not listed on a national securities exchange such that they
satisfy the definition of a “covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may,
at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis”
in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be
required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or
qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $18.00 . Once the Public Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder and • | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders (the “Reference Value”) equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted). Redemption
of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00 . Once the Public Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at $0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares based on the redemption date and the “fair market value” of the Class A ordinary shares; • | if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds $10.00 per share (as adjusted); and • | if the Reference Value is less than $18.00 per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. F- 15 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 If and when
the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register
or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. The exercise
price and number of ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However,
except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below its exercise
price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any
distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly,
the Public Warrants may expire worthless. In addition,
if (x) the Company issues additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per Class A ordinary
share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors,
and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the
Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate
gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the
funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below
$9.20 per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described above will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the $10.00 per share
redemption trigger prices described will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the
Newly Issued Price. The Private
Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the
Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will
not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain
limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable,
except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will
be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. Restricted Stock Units — On November
13, 2020, the Company entered into a Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the "Director Restricted Stock Unit Award
Agreement"), between the Company and a member of the Company's board of directors, providing for the grant of 100,000 restricted
stock units ("RSUs") , which grant is contingent on both the consummation of a Business Combination with the Company
and a shareholder approved equity plan. The RSUs will vest upon the consummation of such Business Combination and represent 100,000
Class A ordinary shares of the Company that will settle on a date selected by the Company in the year following the year in which
such consummation occurs. NOTE 8. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The Company follows
the guidance in ASC Topic 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each
reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The fair value of
the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company would have
received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities,
the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and to minimize the
use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities). The following
fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable inputs used in
order to value the assets and liabilities: F- 16 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table
presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 805,017,218 NOTE 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated
subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial statements
were issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would
have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements. On January 7, 2021,
the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Plutus Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), and Social Finance, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“SoFi”). The Merger Agreement
provides that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following transactions will occur
(together with the other agreements and transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the “SoFi Business Combination”):
(i) prior to the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Closing”), the Company will
domesticate as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the “DGCL”),
and the Cayman Islands Companies Law (2020 Revision) (the “Domestication”), (ii) at the Closing, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and into SoFi, with
SoFi continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Merger”), (iii) upon
consummation of the Merger, and subject to the adjustments provided in the Merger Agreement, all of the common stock and preferred
stock of SoFi, excluding the Company Redeemable Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), which will convert into Acquiror
Series 1 Preferred Stock (as defined in the Merger Agreement), will be converted into the right to receive an aggregate number
of shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (after the Domestication) (“SCH Common Stock”)
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $6,569,840,376 by (y) $10.00 and (iv) upon the consummation of the Merger, the Company
will be renamed “SoFi Technologies, Inc.” The Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions
contained in the Merger Agreement, including the approval of the Company’s shareholders. On January 7, 2021,
concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors
(collectively, the “PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions therein, the PIPE
Investors have collectively subscribed for 122.5 million shares of SCH Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to $1,225.0
million (the “PIPE Investment”), a portion of which is expected to be funded by one or more affiliates of the Sponsor.
The PIPE Investment will be consummated substantially concurrently with the Closing. F- 17 SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS
CORP. V NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 On March 16, 2021,
(i) the Company, SoFi and Merger Sub entered into the First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger which amends the Merger Agreement
and (ii) the Company, the Sponsor and SoFi entered into the First Amendment to Sponsor Support Agreement to reflect that the securities
of the combined company are expected to trade on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC instead of the New York Stock Exchange following the
consummation of the SoFi Business Combination. In addition, SoFi, the Company and the applicable shareholders of SoFi have agreed
to make conforming changes to the form of shareholders’ agreement contemplated by the Merger Agreement to be entered into
at the closing of the SoFi Business Combination. The consummation of
the proposed SoFi Business Combination is subject to certain conditions as further described in the Merger Agreement. In
connection with the proposed SoFI Business Combination, certain purported shareholders of the Company have filed lawsuits, including
those described below, and other shareholders have threatened to file lawsuits alleging breaches of fiduciary duty and violations
of the disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act. The Company believes that these allegations are without merit. These cases
are in the early stages and the Company is unable to reasonably determine the outcome or estimate any potential losses, and, as
such, has not recorded a loss contingency. On January 28, 2021,
Tim Holtom (“Holtom”), a purported shareholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of
New York, County of New York, captioned Tim Holtom v. Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, et al., case number 650647/2021,
against the Company and the members of its board of directors (the “Holtom Complaint”). The Holtom Complaint asserts
a breach of fiduciary duty claim against the individual defendants and an aiding and abetting claim against the Company. The Holtom
Complaint alleges, among other things, that (i) the merger consideration is unfair, and (ii) the registration statement on Form
S-4 filed with the SEC on January 11, 2021 regarding the proposed transaction involving SoFi (the “Registration Statement”)
is materially misleading and incomplete. The Holtom Complaint seeks, among other things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination,
rescind the transaction or award rescissory damages to the extent it is consummated, and an award of attorneys’ fees and
expenses. Defendants have not yet responded to the Holtom Complaint. On January 29, 2021,
Ryan Heitt (“Heitt”), a purported shareholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of
New York, County of New York, captioned Ryan Heitt v. Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, et al., case number 650685/2021
against the members of its board of directors, Merger Sub and SoFi (the “Heitt Complaint”). The Heitt Complaint asserts
a breach of fiduciary duty claim against the individual defendants and an aiding and abetting claim against the Company, Merger
Sub and SoFi. The Heitt Complaint alleges, among other things, that the Registration Statement is materially misleading and incomplete.
The Heitt Complaint seeks, among other things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination, rescind the transaction or award rescissory
damages to the extent it is consummated, and an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses. Defendants have not yet responded
to the Heitt Complaint. On February 3, 2021,
counsel to Holtom and Heitt sent a joint letter to the Company's counsel (the “Joint Demand”), alleging that they “have
identified several disclosure deficiencies” in the Registration Statement, and demanding that the Company issue corrective
disclosures with regard to certain enumerated items. The Joint Demand asserts that a failure to issue the requested disclosures
will expose the Company and its board of directors to liability. On February 15, 2021,
Brian Levy, a purported shareholder of the Company, filed a lawsuit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau,
captioned Brian Levy v. Jennifer Dulski, et al., case number 601778/2021, against the members of the Company’s board of directors,
SoFi, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (the “Levy Complaint”).
The lawsuit was filed by Levy individually, and derivatively on behalf of nominal defendant the Company. The Levy Complaint alleges,
among other things, that (i) the merger consideration is unfair, and (ii) the Registration Statement is materially misleading and
incomplete. The Levy Complaint asserts: (i) a derivative claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants;
(ii) a derivative claim for causing the Company to fail to disclose material information against the individual defendants; (iii)
a derivative claim for aiding and abetting the breaches of fiduciary duties against SoFi, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; (iv) an individual claim for negligent misrepresentation and concealment
against all defendants; and (v) an individual claim for fraudulent misrepresentation and concealment against all defendants. The
Levy Complaint seeks, among other things, to enjoin the proposed Business Combination, an award of compensatory and/or recessionary
damages, and an award of attorneys' fees and expenses. Defendants have not yet responded to the Levy Complaint. On January 11, 2021
the Company issued a promissory note with the Sponsor for an aggregate amount of up to $2,500,000 (the “Promissory Note”).
The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and is due and payable in full on the earlier of (i) October 14, 2022 and (ii) the
effective date of a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination,
involving the Maker and one or more businesses. As of the date of these financial statements, the Company has drawn $1,415,000
under this Promissory Note. F- 18 Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. Disclosure
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15
under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020. Based upon their evaluations, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the period from July 10, 2020 (inception), through December 31, 2020, covered by
this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. Internal Control
over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report
of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. During the most recently completed fiscal
year, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item
9.B. Other Information. None. 40 PART
III. Item
10. Directors, Executive Officer and Corporate Governance. Our current directors and executive officer
are as follows: Name | Age | Title
Chamath Palihapitiya | 44 | Chief Executive Office and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Ian Osborne | 37 | President and Director
Steven Trieu | 42 | Chief Financial Officer
Simon Williams | 40 | General Counsel and Secretary
Jennifer Dulski | 49 | Director
Jay Parikh | 47 | Director Chamath Palihapitiya has
been our Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of our Board of Directors since July 2020. Mr. Palihapitiya founded
Social Capital in 2011 and has been its Managing Partner since its inception. Mr. Palihapitiya (1) served as the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of IPOA from May 2017 until the consummation of its business
combination with Virgin Galactic in October 2019, and continues to serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Virgin
Galactic, (2) served as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of IPOB from October 2019 until
the consummation of its business combination with Opendoor 2019 and (3) served as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman
of the Board of Directors of IPOB from October 2019 until the consummation of its business combination with Clover Health. Mr. Palihapitiya
currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of IPOD and IPOF. Mr. Palihapitiya also served as a director of Slack
Technologies Inc. from April 2014 until October 2019. Prior to founding Social Capital in 2011, Mr. Palihapitiya
served as Vice President of User Growth at Facebook, and is recognized as having been a major force in its launch and growth. Mr. Palihapitiya
was responsible for overseeing Monetization Products and Facebook Platform, both of which were key factors driving the increase
in Facebook’s user base to more than 750 million individuals worldwide. Prior to working for Facebook, Mr. Palihapitiya
was a principal at the Mayfield Fund, one of the United States’ oldest venture firms, before which he headed the instant
messaging division at AOL. Mr. Palihapitiya graduated from the University of Waterloo, Canada with a degree in electrical
engineering. Mr. Palihapitiya is well qualified to serve as the Chairperson of our board of directors because of his extensive
management history and experience in identifying, investing in and building next-generation technologies and companies. Ian Osborne has been our
President and a member of our Board of Directors since July 2020. Mr. Osborne is the Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer
of Hedosophia, an investment firm, which has invested in leading Internet and technology companies since 2012. Mr. Osborne
served as President and a director of (1) IPOA from May 2017 until the consummation of its business combination with
Virgin Galactic in October 2019, (2) IPOB from January 2020 (October 2019 with respect to his director position) until the
consummation of its business combination with Opendoor and (3) IPOC from January 2020 (October 2019 with respect to his director
position) until the consummation of its business combination with Clover Health. Mr. Osborne currently serves as President
and a director of IPOD and IPOF. Mr. Osborne has advised leading Internet and technology companies, their founders and CEOs,
since 2009. Mr. Osborne is also the indirect controlling shareholder and a director of Connaught, a financial advisory firm.
From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Osborne was a Partner and Managing Director at DST Global, a family of funds investing in Internet
companies, which was established in 2009 and which has notable successes including Alibaba, Airbnb, Facebook, Spotify and Twitter.
Mr. Osborne was educated at St Paul’s School, King’s College London, and the London School of Economics. Mr. Osborne
is well qualified to serve on our board of directors because of his extensive experience advising leading Internet and technology
companies. Steven Trieu has been
our Chief Financial Officer since July 2020. Mr. Trieu is a Partner and the Chief Financial Officer of Social
Capital, an affiliate of the company’s Sponsor, since October 2017 and is responsible for overseeing the
operations of Social Capital’s family of funds, management company and related entities. Mr. Trieu served as the
Chief Financial Officer of (1) IPOA from March 2019 until the consummation of its business combination with Virgin
Galactic in October 2019, (2) IPOB from January 2020 until the consummation of its business combination with Opendoor
and (3) IPOC from January 2020 until the consummation of its business combination with Clover Health. Mr. Trieu
currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of IPOD and IPOF. Prior to joining Social Capital, Mr. Trieu was VP of
Finance at Quora, Inc. from October 2011 to June 2016, where he was responsible for its day-to-day finance and
legal operations. Prior to that, Mr. Trieu was Director, Finance and Business Operations at Facebook, Inc. from
August 2007 to October 2011. Mr. Trieu led the formation of its initial business operations and sales finance
teams. Mr. Trieu also previously held a similar role at Yahoo!, Inc., supporting its local markets and commerce
divisions. Before that, Mr. Trieu spent time on Wall Street both as an investment banking and alternative investments
associate. Mr. Trieu graduated from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst with a degree in finance and
economics. 41 Simon Williams has been our
General Counsel and Secretary since July 2020. Mr. Williams has been Hedosophia’s Chief Administrative Officer
since March 2017. Mr. Williams served as the General Counsel and Secretary of (1) IPOA from May 2017 until
the consummation of its business combination with Virgin Galactic in October 2019, (2) IPOB from January 2020 until the consummation
of its business combination with Opendoor and (3) IPOC from January 2020 until the consummation of its business combination with
Clover Health. Mr. Williams currently serves as General Counsel and Secretary of IPOD and IPOF. Prior to joining Hedosophia,
Mr. Williams was legal counsel at Balderton Capital, a London-based venture firm focused on backing European-founded technology
companies, from January 2015 to March 2017. Prior to working at Balderton Capital, Mr. Williams was an associate
in the London offices of each of Covington & Burling LLP and Morrison & Foerster LLP. Mr. Williams is a solicitor,
qualified in England & Wales, having attended Nottingham Law School. Mr. Williams holds an MA and BA from the University
of Nottingham. Jennifer Dulski has served
as one of our directors since November 2020. Ms. Dulski has a wide range of executive experience including executive leadership
roles at Facebook, Google and Yahoo!, and founder, CEO and president roles at early stage and scaling startups. She is currently
CEO and founder of Rising Team, a SaaS company that empowers managers to build more engaged and successful teams. Prior to Rising
Team, Ms. Dulski led Facebook Groups, used by more than 1.5 billion people each month to create and participate in communities
that matter to them. Her team was responsible for envisioning, building and growing the Groups product. Before Facebook, Ms. Dulski
was president & COO of Change.org, a social enterprise company that empowers people to create campaigns for change. Under her
leadership, Change.org grew 10x, to nearly 200m users, developed a profitable business model, rebuilt its tech stack and supported
thousands of successful campaigns globally. Prior to Change.org, Ms. Dulski was an early Yahoo! Employee and held a variety of
roles over 9 years there. She ultimately led one of the six core business units as group VP & GM of Local and Marketplaces.
Ms. Dulski left Yahoo! to become co-founder and CEO of The Dealmap, a location-based deals app that Google acquired in 2011, making
her the first woman entrepreneur to sell a company to Google. She was a product leader at Google for nearly 2 years before joining
Change. She currently serves on the boards of WW (formerly Weight Watchers), the Change.org Foundation and the Arctic Ice Project.
Her previous board experience includes roles on two other public company boards, Move, Inc. and TEGNA. Ms. Dulski is also a lecturer
in management at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and her first book, Purposeful, was published by Penguin Portfolio in
2018 and is a Wall Street Journal Bestseller. Jay Parikh has served as
one of our directors since October 2020. Mr. Parikh has served as Head of Engineering at Facebook, Inc., since March 2014, supporting
and scaling tech teams across the company. From November 2009 to March 2020, Mr. Parikh served as Vice President, Infrastructure,
where he lead the global teams that design, develop, build, and operate the physical infrastructure and platforms (both software
and hardware) necessary to power Facebook and its family of products and services, enabling the community to grow from 300 million
users to over 3 billion users and providing users with their real-time experiences. From October 2007 to October 2009, Mr. Parikh
served as Senior Vice President, Engineering & Operations at Ning, Inc., where he oversaw product development, core infrastructure,
and operations for the company’s social networking platform. From April 1999 to October 2007, Mr. Parikh served as Vice President
of Engineering at Akamai Technologies, Inc., where he helped build one of the world’s largest and most globally distributed
computing platform. Mr. Parikh has served on the board of directors of Atlassian Corporation Plc since July 2013. Mr. Parikh received
his Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Virginia Tech. Mr. Parikh is well qualified to serve on our board
of directors because of his extensive experience with technology and Internet companies and supporting and scaling businesses Director Independence The rules of the NYSE require that a
majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our Initial Public Offering. An “independent
director” is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, has no
material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with the company). We currently have two “independent directors” as defined in the NYSE
rules and applicable SEC rules. We expect a majority of our board of directors to be comprised of independent directors
within 12 months from the date of listing to comply with the majority independent board requirement. Our board has determined
that each of Ms. Dulski and Mr. Parikh is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. 42 Number, Terms
of Office and Election of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of four
members. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our founder shares will have the right to appoint all of our directors
and remove members of the board of directors for any reason, and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on
the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the holders of a majority of at least 90% of our ordinary shares attending
and voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other special rights
applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of
the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our ordinary shares
(or, prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our founder shares). Our officers are appointed by the board
of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as
it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Operating Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary,
Assistant Secretaries, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing
committees: an audit committee; a compensation committee; and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of our audit
committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee are comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board of directors and has the composition and responsibilities
described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are
Ms. Dulski and Mr. Parikh. Mr. Parikh serves as chair of the audit committee. We will appoint a third qualifying member to our
audit committee within one year from the date of listing to comply with the audit committee requirement. Each member of the audit committee is financially
literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Parikh qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert”
as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter,
which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: · | assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent auditor’s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; · | the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; · | pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 43 · | reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; · | setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; · | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; · | obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (1) the independent auditor’s internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; · | meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditor, including reviewing our specific disclosures under “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”; · | reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and · | reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee
are Ms. Dulski and Mr. Parikh. Mr. Parikh serves as chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee
charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: · | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; · | reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; · | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; · | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; · | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; · | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; · | producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and · | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the
compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent
legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any
such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any
other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by the NYSE and the SEC. 44 Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee The members of our nominating and corporate
governance committee are Ms. Dulski and Mr. Parikh. Mr. Parikh serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee.
We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the
nominating and corporate governance committee, including: · | identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board of directors, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for appointment at the annual general meeting or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; · | developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; · | coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and · | reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The charter also provides that the nominating
and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm
to be used to identify director candidates, and is directly responsible for approving the search firm’s fees and other retention
terms. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our
shareholders. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director
candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary
shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe
that during the year ended December 31, 2020 there were no delinquent filers with the following exception: each of our Sponsor,
ChaChaCha SPAC F, LLC and Mssrs. Palihapitiya, Osborne, Trieu, Williams and Parikh failed to file a Form 3 on the effective date
of the registration statement first registering our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and were instead such forms
were filed on the next day. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics and business
conduct (our “Code of Ethics”) applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code
of Ethics as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We have also posted a copy of our Code of Ethics and the charters of our audit committee,
compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee on our website http://SocialCapitalHedosophiaHoldings.com/ipoe.html
under “Documents.” Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not
deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report. You are able to review these documents
by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided
without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics
in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 45 Conflicts of
Interest Under Cayman Islands law, our directors
and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: · | duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; · | duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; · | duty to not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; · | duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; · | duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and · | duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also
owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent
person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same
functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience which
that director has. As set out above, directors have a duty
not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit
as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or
authorized in advance by the shareholders; provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of
permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval
at general meetings. All of our officers and certain of our
directors have fiduciary and contractual duties to either Social Capital or Hedosophia and to certain companies in which either
of them has invested or are otherwise affiliated with. These entities, including the Other Existing SCH SPACs, may compete with
us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such
opportunities. None of the members of our management team who are also employed by our Sponsor or its affiliates have any obligation
to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware, subject to his or her fiduciary
duties under Cayman Islands law. Our Sponsor and directors and officers are also not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise
becoming involved with, any other blank check companies, including in connection with their initial Business Combinations, prior
to us completing our initial Business Combination, and any such involvement may result in conflicts of interests as described herein.
Our management team, in their capacities as directors, officers or employees of our Sponsor or its affiliates or in their other
endeavors (including other special purpose acquisition companies they are or may become involved with), may choose to present potential
Business Combinations to the related entities described above, current or future entities affiliated with or managed by our Sponsor,
or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law
and any other applicable fiduciary duties. Our directors and officers presently
have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities (including
other special purpose acquisition companies they are or may become involved with) pursuant to which such officer or director
is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our directors or
officers becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may need to honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate
opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or
her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable
basis. Our directors and officers are also not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and,
accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including
identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. See “Item 1A. Risk
Factors —  Risks Relating to Our Management Team and Conflicts of Interest — Certain of our
directors and officers are now, and expect in the future to become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities
similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which
entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.” 46 We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue Business
Combination opportunities (if we do not consummate the proposed SoFi Business Combination) or complete our initial Business Combination,
including the proposed SoFi Business Combination. You should not rely on the historical record of our founders’ and management’s
performance as indicative of our future performance. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors — General Risk Factors — Past
performance by our management team and their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in the company.” In addition, we have the following potential
conflicts of interest: · | None of our directors or officers is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. · | In the course of their other business activities, our directors and officers may become aware of investment and business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated, including the Other Existing SCH SPACs. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. · | Our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Additionally, our initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period. However, if our initial shareholders (or any of our directors, officers or affiliates) acquire public shares, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such public shares if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Pursuant to a letter agreement that our initial shareholders, directors and officers have entered into with us, with certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial shareholders until the earlier of: (1) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination; and (2) subsequent to our initial Business Combination (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor and directors and officers may directly or indirectly own ordinary shares and warrants, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. · | Our directors and officers may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether to proceed with a particular Business Combination. 47 · | Our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. The conflicts described above may not be
resolved in our favor. Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our directors and officers have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our directors, officers and director
nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may pose a conflict of interest with us: Individual | Entity | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Chamath Palihapitiya | Social Capital (1) | Investment Firm | Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc. | Aerospace Company | Chairman of the Board of Directors
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors
Ian Osborne | Hedosophia Group Limited (2) | Investment Firm | Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Director
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Director
Steven Trieu | Social Capital (1) | Investment Firm | Partner and Chief Financial Officer
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Chief Financial Officer
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | Chief Financial Officer
Simon Williams | Hedosophia Group Limited (3) | Investment Firm | Chief Administrative Officer
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. IV | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | General Counsel and Secretary
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. VI | Special Purpose Acquisition Company | General Counsel and Secretary
Jennifer Dulski | Rising Team | SaaS company | Chief Executive Officer and Founder
Jay Parikh | Facebook | Technology Company | Head of Engineering (1) | Includes Social Capital Holdings Inc. and certain of its funds and other affiliates including affiliated portfolio companies. (2) | Includes certain other affiliates of Hedosophia Group Limited, including Connaught. (3) | Includes certain affiliates of Hedosophia Group Limited. Accordingly, if any of the above
directors or officers become aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities (or
any other entity, including additional special purpose acquisition companies, they become involved with) to which he or she
has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
opportunity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer
unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the
company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We do not believe, however, that any of
the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue Business
Combination opportunities or complete our initial Business Combination. 48 We are not prohibited from pursuing an
initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, directors or officers. In the event we seek to
complete our initial Business Combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another valuation or appraisal firm that regularly renders fairness
opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. In addition, our Sponsor or any of its
affiliates may make additional investments in the company in connection with the initial Business Combination, although our Sponsor
and its affiliates have no obligation or current intention to do so. If our Sponsor or any of its affiliates elects to make additional
investments, such proposed investments could influence our Sponsor’s motivation to complete an initial Business Combination. In the event that we submit our initial
Business Combination to our public shareholders for a vote, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed, pursuant
to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote any founder shares (and their permitted transferees will agree)
and public shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. Item
11. Executive Compensation. None of our directors or officers have
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the
NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we will pay an affiliate of our
Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, administrative and support services. Our Sponsor, directors and officers,
or any of their respective affiliates, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, directors, officers or our or
any of their respective affiliates. In September 2020, our Sponsor transferred 100,000 founder shares to Jay Parikh, at their original
per-share purchase price. In November 2020, pursuant to a Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated November 13, 2020,
between the Company and Ms. Dulski, we granted 100,000 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to Ms. Dulski, which grant is
contingent on both the consummation of our initial Business Combination and a shareholder approved equity plan. The RSUs will vest
upon the consummation of such initial Business Combination and represent 100,000 Class A ordinary shares of the Company that will
settle on a date we select in the year following the year in which such Business Combination occurs. After the completion of our initial Business
Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other compensation
from the combined company. All compensation will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer
materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. It
is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers after the
completion of our initial Business Combination will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent
directors. We are not party to any agreements with
our directors and officers that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business, and we
do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination
should be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. 49 Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of March 15, 2021 with respect to our ordinary shares
held by: · | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares; · | each of our executive officers and directors; and · | all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe
that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned
by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2021. Class A Ordinary Shares | Class B Ordinary Shares (1)
Beneficially Owned | Approximate Percentage of Class A Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares | Beneficially Owned | Approximate Percentage of Issued and Outstanding Ordinary Shares
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (2)
SCH Sponsor V LLC (our Sponsor) (3) | — | — | 20,025,000 | 19.9 | %
Chamath Palihapitiya (3) | — | — | 20,025,000 | 19.9 | %
Ian Osborne (3) | — | — | 20,025,000 | 19.9 | %
Steven Trieu | — | — | — | —
Simon Williams | — | — | — | —
Jennifer Dulski | — | — | — | —
Jay Parikh | — | — | 100,000 | *
Empyrean Capital Partners, LP (4) | 4,733,273 | 5.9 | % | — | —
All directors and officers as a group (6 individuals) | — | — | 20,125,000 | 20.0 | % * Less
than one percent. (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, 317 University Ave, Suite 200, Palo Alto, CA 94301. (2) | Class B ordinary shares will convert into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in the section entitled “Description of Securities” in our prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)(4) (File No. 333-248915). (3) | SCH Sponsor V LLC, our Sponsor, is the record holder of the Class B ordinary shares reported herein. Messrs. Palihapitiya and Osborne may be deemed to beneficially own shares held by our Sponsor by virtue of their shared control over our Sponsor. Each of Messrs. Palihapitiya and Osborne disclaims beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares held by our Sponsor. (4) | According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 12, 2021, each of Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd., Empyrean Capital Partners, LP and Amos Meron share voting and dispositive power with regard to 4,733,273 Class A ordinary shares of the Company. The business address for each is c/o Empyrean Capital Partners, LP, 10250 Constellation Boulevard, Suite 2950, Los Angeles, CA 90067. Our initial shareholders beneficially own
20.0% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares and have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business
Combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. 50 Holders of our public shares will not have
the right to appoint any directors to our board of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. In addition, because of
their ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring
approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval
of significant corporate transactions. Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Founder Shares On July 10, 2020, the Company issued one
ordinary share to the Sponsor for no consideration. On July 16, 2020, the Company cancelled the one share issued in July 2020 and
the Sponsor purchased 2,875,000 Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000. On September 17, 2020, the Company effected
a share capitalization resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 18,687,500 Founder Shares. On October 8, 2020, the Company
effected another share capitalization resulting in the Company’s initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 20,125,000
Founder Shares. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of the completion of a Business
Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one basis, subject to certain adjustments. The Founder Shares included an aggregate
of up to 2,625,000 shares that were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter’s over-allotment
option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares would collectively represent 20% of the Company’s
issued and outstanding shares upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriters’ election
to fully exercise their over-allotment option, no Founder Shares are currently subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Class B ordinary shares or Class A ordinary shares received upon conversion
thereof (together, “Founder Shares”) until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination
and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share dividends, rights issuances, consolidations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of the Company’s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares
for cash, securities or other property. Private Placement
Warrants Simultaneously with the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering, and the exercise of the over-allotment option in full and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
we consummated a private placement of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor at a price of $2.00 per Private Placement
Warrant, generating total proceeds of $16,000,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share
at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
was added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or
its permitted transferees: (1) they will not be redeemable by us (except in certain redemption scenarios when the price per Class
A ordinary share equals or exceeds $10.00 (as adjusted)); (2) they (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise
of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until 30 days
after the completion of our Business Combination; (3) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis; and (4) they (including
the Class A ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these warrants) are entitled to registration rights. If we do not complete an Initial Business
Combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds of the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, subject
to the requirements of applicable law, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 51 Registration
Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement
entered into on October 8, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued
upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (as defined below) (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the
Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares)
will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder
Shares, only after conversion to the Company’s Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition,
the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to
Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not be required to
effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up
period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. In connection
with the SoFi Business Combination, the registration rights agreement will be amended and restated. Financial Advisory
Fee The underwriters agreed to reimburse the
Company for an amount equal to (1) 10% of the non-deferred underwriting commission payable to the underwriter, of which $1,400,000
was paid to Connaught (UK) Limited (“Connaught”) upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and (2) 20%
of the deferred underwriting commission payable to the underwriter, of which $5,635,000 will be paid to Connaught upon the closing
of the Business Combination. Related Party
Notes and Advances As
of October 14, 2020, the Sponsor paid for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in connection with the Initial Public
Offering. The advances are non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of December 31, 2020, advances amounting to $5,000 were outstanding. On
July 16, 2020, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company borrowed an aggregate
principal amount of $300,000. The note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) June 30, 2020 and (ii) the completion
of the Initial Public Offering. This note was amended and restated on September 17, 2020 solely to increase the amount that could
be borrowed to an aggregate principal amount of $400,000. The borrowings outstanding under the note in the amount of $400,000 were
repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on October 14, 2020. On
January 11, 2021, the Company issued a promissory note to Sponsor (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the Company
may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $2,500,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of (i) October 14, 2022 and (ii) the completion of the Business Combination. At January 22, 2021, there was $1,330,000 outstanding
under the Promissory Note. In order to finance transaction costs in
connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). Such
Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination,
without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $2,500,000 of notes may be converted upon completion of a Business
Combination into warrants at a price of $2.00 per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants.
In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement
whereby, commencing on October 8, 2020, the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor up to $10,000 per month for office
space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will
cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from July 10, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020, the Company
incurred $25,000, in fees for these services, of which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying
balance sheet. 52 Subscription
Agreements Concurrently
with the execution of the Merger Agreement, we entered into Subscription Agreements with the Sponsor Related PIPE Investors, pursuant
to which the Sponsor Related PIPE Investors have subscribed for shares of SoFi Technologies common stock in connection with the
PIPE Investment. The Sponsor Related PIPE Investors are expected to fund $275,000,000 of the PIPE Investment, for which they will
receive 27,500,000 shares of SoFi Technologies common stock. Specifically, (i) ChaChaCha SPAC 5, LLC, an entity affiliated with
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chamath Palihapitiya, subscribed for 13,100,000 shares of SoFi Technologies common stock,
(ii) Hedosophia Group Limited, an entity affiliated with our President and director Ian Osborne, subscribed for 13,100,000 shares
of SoFi Technologies common stock, (iii) The Steven Trieu Living Trust dtd 4.3.12, an entity affiliated with our Chief Financial
Officer Steven Trieu, subscribed for 240,000 shares of SoFi Technologies common stock, and (iv) individuals affiliated with our
Sponsor subscribed for the remaining 1,060,000 shares of SoFi Technologies common stock. The PIPE Investment will be consummated
substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination. Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Fees for professional services provided
by our independent registered public accounting firm for the last two fiscal years include: For the period from July 10, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2020
Audit Fees (1) | $ 103,000
Audit-Related Fees (2) | $ | —
Tax Fees (3) | $ | —
All Other Fees (4) | $ | —
Total | $ | 103,000 (1) | Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. (2) | Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. (3) | Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. (4) | All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services including permitted due diligence services related potential business combination. Policy on Board
Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors The audit committee is responsible for appointing,
setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee
shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent
auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 53 PART
IV. Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Financial Statements: See “Item 8. Index to Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” herein. (b) | Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No. | Description of Exhibit
3.1(1) | Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company.
4.1(1) | Warrant Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent.
4.2* | Description of the Company’s securities.
10.1(1) | Letter Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, among the Company, the Sponsor, the Company’s officers and directors and the other party thereto.
10.2(2) | Letter Agreement, dated November 13, 2020, between the Company and Jennifer Dulski.
10.3(1) | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.
10.4(1) | Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee.
10.5(1) | Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Social Capital Holdings, Inc.
10.6(1) | Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor.
10.7(1) | Indemnity Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Chamath Palihapitiya.
10.8(1) | Indemnity Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Ian Osborne.
10.9(1) | Indemnity Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Jay Parikh.
10.10(1) | Indemnity Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Steven Trieu.
10.11(1) | Indemnity Agreement, dated October 8, 2020, between the Company and Simon Williams.
10.12(2) | Indemnity Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, between the Company and Jennifer Dulski.
10.13(2) | Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, dated November 13, 2020, between the Company and Jennifer Dulski.
14.01* | Code of Ethics and Business Conduct of Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V.
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document.
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. * | Filed herewith. ** | Furnished herewith. (1) | Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 14, 2020. (2) | Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2020. 54 Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 55 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. SOCIAL CAPITAL HEDOSOPHIA HOLDINGS CORP. V
Date: March 17, 2021 | /s/Chamath Palihapitiya
By: | Chamath Palihapitiya
Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Board of Directors Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. /s/ Chamath Palihapitiya
Name: | Chamath Palihapitiya
Title: | Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer)
Date: | March 17, 2021
/s/ Ian Osborne
Name: | Ian Osborne
Title: | President and Director
Date: | March 17, 2021
/s/ Steve Trieu
Name: | Steve Trieu
Title: | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
Date: | March 17, 2021
/s/ Jennifer Dulski
Name: | Jennifer Dulski
Title: | Director
Date: | March 17, 2021
/s/ Jay Parikh
Name: | Jay Parikh
Title: | Director
Date: | March 17, 2021 56