S-3 1 sofiforms-3july2022.htm S-3 Document As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2022 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 SoFi Technologies, Inc. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | 6199 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | 98-1547291 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 234 1st Street San Francisco, CA 94105 (855) 456-7634 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices) Christopher Lapointe Chief Financial Officer SoFi Technologies, Inc. 234 1st Street San Francisco, CA 94105 (855) 456-7634 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to:
Benjamin K. Marsh, Esq. Lauren Visek, Esq. Goodwin Procter LLP The New York Times Building 620 Eighth Avenue New York, New York 10018 (212) 813-8800 | Robert Lavet General Counsel and Secretary SoFi Technologies, Inc. 234 1st Street San Francisco, California 94105 (855) 456-7634 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale of the securities to the public : From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Large accelerated filer ☒ | Accelerated filer ☐ | Non-accelerated filer ☐ | Smaller reporting company ☐ | Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act or until this registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject To Completion, Dated July 15, 2022 PROSPECTUS $1,000,000,000 SoFi Technologies, Inc. Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Warrants Units We may, from time to time, offer and sell, in one or more series or classes, up to $1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of our common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants and/or units, in any combination, together or separately, (collectively, the “securities”) in one or more offerings in amounts at prices and on the terms that we will determine at the time of the offering and which will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus. Any such prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. This prospectus describes the general terms of these securities and the general manner in which these securities will be offered. We will provide the specific terms of these securities in supplements to this prospectus. The prospectus supplements will also describe the manner in which these securities will be offered and may also add to, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should read carefully this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement or amendment, and the documents incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before you invest in our securities. We may offer and sell these securities separately or together in any combination for sale directly to investors or through underwriters, dealers or agents. If any underwriters, dealers or agents are involved in the sale of any of these securities, we will set forth their names and describe their compensation in the applicable prospectus supplement. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the ticker symbol “SOFI.” On July 15, 2022, the closing sale price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq was $6.29. Our principal executive office is located at 234 1st Street, San Francisco, California 94105. Our telephone number is (855) 456-7634. This prospectus may not be used to offer or sell any of our securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Investing in our securities involves risks. See the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in or incorporated by reference into the accompanying prospectus supplement and in the documents we incorporate by reference in this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is , 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
About This Prospectus | i
Risk Factors | iv
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | v
The Company | 1
Use of Proceeds | 3
Description of Capital Stock | 4
Description of Debt Securities | 10
Description of Warrants | 16
Description of Units | 17
Plan of Distribution | 20
Legal Matters | 23
Experts | 23
Where You Can Find More Information | 23
Incorporation by Reference | 23
Part II: Information Not Required in Prospectus | 25 We have not authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. We are not making an offer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement, or incorporated by reference, is accurate only as of the dates of those documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. T able of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), using a “shelf” registration, or continuous offering, process. Under this shelf registration process, we may, from time to time, offer and sell separately or together in any combination the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $1,000,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer and sell securities, we will provide one or more prospectus supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering and the offered securities. Any prospectus supplement, or information incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement, may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. Any statement that we make in this prospectus will be modified or superseded by any inconsistent statement made by us in a prospectus supplement. This prospectus contains or incorporates by reference summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You should read this prospectus and the related exhibits filed with the SEC and any prospectus supplement, together with additional information described under the heading “ Where You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation by Reference ,” before making your investment decision. Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this prospectus to the “company”, “SoFi Technologies”, “SoFi”, “we”, “us”, “our” and similar terms refer to SoFi Technologies, Inc. (f/k/a Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V) and its consolidated subsidiaries. This document contains or incorporates by reference documents containing references to trademarks, service marks and trade names owned by us or belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this document may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we or the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our or its rights to these trademarks, service marks and trade names. SoFi Technologies does not intend its use or display of other companies’ trademarks, service marks or trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of it by, any other companies. All trademarks, service marks and trade names included in this document are the property of their respective owners. i T able of Contents SELECTED DEFINITIONS Unless otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to: • “Atom Merger Sub” are to Atom Merger Sub Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies; • “Atom New Delaware” are to Atom New Delaware, Inc., a Delaware corporation and now the direct parent of Technisys; • “Bank Merger” are to our acquisition of all of the outstanding equity interests in Golden Pacific and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Golden Pacific Bank; • “Business Combination” are to the Domestication together with the Merger; • “Bylaws” are to the bylaws of SoFi Technologies; • “Certificate of Incorporation” are to the certificate of incorporation of SoFi Technologies; • “CFPs” are to our free Certified Financial Planners; • “Closing” are to the closing of the Business Combination; • “company”, “we”, “us” and “our” are to SoFi Technologies, Inc.; • “common stock” are to shares of SoFi Technologies common stock, par value $0.0001 per share; • “Continental” are to Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company; • “COVID-19” are to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic; • “DGCL” are to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended; • “Domestication” are to the domestication of SCH as a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware; • “Exchange Act” are to the Securities Exchange act of 1934, as amended; • “Financial Services Productivity Loop” are to a virtuous cycle generated by our integrated financial services platform whereby positive member experiences with our products can lead to members using more of our products, resulting in higher revenue per member without incurring additional member acquisition costs; • “FINRA” are to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; • “Galileo” are to Galileo Financial Technologies, LLC, a provider of technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies; • “LIBOR” are to the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate; • “Member” is defined as someone who has a lending relationship with us through origination and/or ongoing servicing, opened a financial services account, linked an external account to our platform, or signed up for our credit score monitoring service; • “Merger” are to the merger of Merger Sub with and into Social Finance, with Social Finance surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies; • “Merger Sub” are to Plutus Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and former subsidiary of SCH; • “Nasdaq” are to the Nasdaq Global Select Market; • “Person” are to any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, joint stock company, governmental authority or instrumentality or other entity of any kind; • “QIA Investors” means QIA FIG Holding LLC and any affiliated fund of the foregoing to whom it has transferred shares of capital stock of the Company. ii T able of Contents • “Red Crow” means, Red Crow Capital, LLC and any affiliated fund of the foregoing to whom it has transferred shares of capital stock of the Company. • “SCH” are to Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, prior to the Domestication; • “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; • “Securities Act” are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; • “Series 1 preferred stock” are to the shares of SoFi Technologies’ Series 1 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, par value $0.0000025 per share; • “Silver Lake Investors” means, collectively, Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P. and Silver Lake Technology Investors IV (Delaware II), L.P. and any Affiliated Fund of the foregoing to whom the foregoing have transferred shares of capital stock of the Company. • “Social Finance” refers to Social Finance, Inc., a Delaware corporation; • “Social Finance Series H Preferred Stock” are to shares of Social Finance Series H Preferred Stock (which are no longer outstanding); • “SoFi Bank” are to Golden Pacific Bank, which was renamed SoFi Bank, National Association following the closing of the Bank Merger. • “SoFi Technologies” are to SCH after the Domestication and its name change from Social Capital Hedosophia Corp. V; • “SoftBank Investors” means, collectively, SoftBank Group Capital Limited and SB Sonic Holdco (UK) Limited and any affiliated fund of the foregoing to whom the foregoing have transferred shares of capital stock of the Company; • “Technisys” are to Technisys S.à r.l. (formerly known as Technisys S.A.), a cloud-native digital and core banking platform and a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies; • “Technisys Merger” are to the acquisition of Technisys by SoFi Technologies through the merger of Atom Merger Sub with and into Atom New Delaware, with Atom New Delaware surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SoFi Technologies, as contemplated by the Technisys Merger Agreement; and • “SoFi warrants” are to the warrants to purchase shares of common stock issued in exchange for warrants of Social Finance to purchase Social Finance Series H Preferred Stock in connection with the Merger, unless the context otherwise requires. iii T able of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision about investing in our securities, you should carefully consider the risk factors incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including under the section titled “ Risk Factors ” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Form 10-K, and our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any prospectus supplement to this prospectus, and the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus before making an investment decision. See “ Where You Can Find More Information ” and “ Incorporation by Reference .” The risks and uncertainties described in the documents we incorporate by reference are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks or uncertainties actually occur, they could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the price of our securities and might cause you to lose all or part of your investment in the offered securities. iv T able of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein contain statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. This includes, without limitation, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance. These statements constitute projections, forecasts and forward-looking statements, and are not guarantees of performance. Such statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. When used in this prospectus, words such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “could”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “might”, “opportunity”, “plan”, “possible”, “potential”, “predict”, “project”, “should”, “strive”, “will”, “would” and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that include, but are not limited to, those factors described in “ Risk Factors ” and elsewhere in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus, including among other things: • our ability to achieve and maintain profitability in the future; • the impact on our business of the regulatory environment and complexities with compliance; • our ability to respond to general economic conditions; • the effect and impact of any further extension of the federal student loan payment moratorium or any governmental actions taken to forgive student loans; • our ability to manage our growth effectively and our expectations regarding the development and expansion of our business; • our ability to access sources of capital, including debt financing, deposits and other sources of capital to finance operations and growth; • the impact of general economic conditions and other macro-economic factors, such as increasing interest rates and inflationary pressures; • the success of our marketing efforts and our ability to expand our member base; • our ability to grow market share in existing markets or any new markets we may enter; • our ability to develop new products, features and functionality that are competitive and meet market needs; • our ability to diversify our business and broaden our suite of financial services offerings; • our ability to realize the benefits of our strategy, including what we refer to as our Financial Services Productivity Loop, and achieve scale in our Financial Services segment; • our ability to successfully operate as a bank holding company, and to own and operate SoFi Bank; • our ability to make accurate credit and pricing decisions or effectively forecast our loss rates; • our ability to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls over financial reporting; • our ability to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq; • our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the Bank Merger and the Technisys Merger; • our ability to successfully expand our operations into foreign jurisdictions, including burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws; • the outcome of any legal or governmental proceedings that may be instituted against us; • the effect of and uncertainties related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic (including any emergence of additional variants or government responses thereto) and any continued recovery from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; and v T able of Contents • other factors detailed under the section titled “ Risk Factors .” These forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date they were made and reflect expectations, forecasts and assumptions as of such date, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement and the documents incorporated by reference herein and therein. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. vi T able of Contents THE COMPANY This summary highlights selected information from this prospectus or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. This summary does not contain all of the information that is important to you in making an investment decision. Before investing in our securities, you should carefully read this entire prospectus, including the information set forth under the headings “Risk Factors,” and in the documents we have incorporated by reference in this prospectus, along with our consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. See also the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information” and “ Incorporation by Reference . ” Company Overview We are a member-centric, one-stop shop for financial services that, through our Lending and Financial Services products, allows members to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their money. We refer to our customers as “members”. Our mission is to help our members achieve financial independence in order to realize their ambitions. To us, financial independence does not mean being wealthy, but rather represents the ability of our members to have the financial means to achieve their personal objectives at each stage of life, such as owning a home, having a family, or having a career of their choice - more simply stated, to have enough money to do what they want. We were founded in 2011 and have developed a suite of financial products that offers the speed, selection, content and convenience that only an integrated digital platform can provide. In order for us to achieve our mission, we have to help people get their money right, which means providing them with the ability to borrow better, save better, spend better, invest better and protect better. Everything we do today is geared toward helping our members “Get Your Money Right” and we strive to innovate and build ways for our members to achieve this goal. Our three reportable segments and their respective offerings as of March 31, 2022 were as follows: Lending | Technology Platform | Financial Services
• Student Loans (1) | • Technology Products and Solutions | • SoFi Checking and Savings | • Loan referrals
• Personal Loans | • SoFi Money | • SoFi At Work
• Home Loans | • SoFi Invest (2) | • SoFi Protect
• SoFi Relay | • Lantern Credit
• SoFi Credit Card | • Equity capital markets and advisory services __________________ (1) Composed of in-school loans and student loan refinancing. (2) Our SoFi Invest service is composed of three products: active investing accounts, robo-advisory accounts and digital assets accounts. SoFi Invest also includes our brokerage accounts through 8 Limited in Hong Kong. We define a member as someone who has a lending relationship with us through origination and/or ongoing servicing, opened a financial services account, linked an external account to our platform, or signed up for our credit score monitoring service. Once someone becomes a member, they are always considered a member unless they violate our terms of service. Our members have continuous access to our CFPs, our career advice services, our member events, our content, educational material, news, and our tools and calculators, which are provided at no cost to the member. Additionally, our mobile app and website have a member home feed that is personalized and delivers content to a member about what they must do that day in their financial life, what they should consider doing that day in their financial life, and what they can do that day in their financial life. Since our inception through March 31, 2022, we have served approximately 3.9 million members who have used approximately 5.9 million products on the SoFi platform. We offer our members a suite of financial products and services, enabling them to borrow, save, spend, invest and protect their finances across one integrated platform. Our aim is to create a best-in-class, integrated financial services platform that will generate a virtuous cycle whereby positive member experiences will lead to more products adopted per member and enhanced profitability for each additional product by lowering overall member acquisition costs and increasing the lifetime value of our members. We refer to this virtuous cycle as our “Financial Services Productivity Loop”. We believe that developing a relationship with our members and gaining their trust is central to our success as a financial services platform. Through our mobile technology and continuous effort to improve our financial services products, we are seeking to build a financial services platform that members can access for all of their financial services needs. We believe we are in the early stages of realizing the benefits of our Financial Services Productivity Loop. In addition to benefiting our members, our products and capabilities are also designed to appeal to enterprises, such as financial services institutions that subscribe to our enterprise services called SoFi At Work, and have become interconnected 1 T able of Contents with the SoFi platform. We have continued to expand our platform capabilities for enterprises through our acquisition of Galileo in 2020, which provides technology platform services to financial and non-financial institutions and which has allowed us to vertically integrate across more of our financial services, and the Technisys Merger in the first quarter of 2022, through which we expanded our technology platform services to a broader international market. We believe that these expansions will deepen our participation in the entire technology ecosystem powering digital financial services, allowing us to not only reduce costs to operate our member-centric business, but also deliver increasing value to our enterprise customers. While our enterprises are not considered members, they are important contributors to the growth of the SoFi platform, and also have their own constituents who might benefit from our products in the future. While we primarily operate in the United States, we expanded into Hong Kong with our acquisition of 8 Limited (an investment business), we gained clients in Mexico and Colombia with our acquisition of Galileo, and we further expanded into Latin America with the Technisys Merger. Following the closing of the Bank Merger in February 2022, we became a bank holding company. Corporate Information We were incorporated under the name “Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V” on July 10, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for purposes of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. On May 28, 2021, we domesticated into a Delaware corporation and changed our name to “SoFi Technologies, Inc.” in connection with the Domestication. Our principal executive office is located at 234 1st Street, San Francisco, California 94105. Our telephone number is (855) 456-7634. Our website address is www.sofi.com. Information contained on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not a part of this prospectus. 2 T able of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from our sale of securities for general corporate purposes, including working capital, acquisitions, retirement of debt and other business opportunities. Pending the use of net proceeds, we may temporarily invest the net proceeds in a variety of capital preservation instruments, including investment grade instruments, certificates of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government, or may hold such proceeds as cash, until they are used for their stated purpose. 3 T able of Contents DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following summary of the material terms of our capital stock, including our common stock and preferred stock, to which this prospectus relates. This summary is not intended to be a complete summary and we urge you to read the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. See “Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation by Reference.” Authorized Capitalization General The total amount of authorized capital stock of SoFi Technologies consists of 3,000,000,000 shares of voting common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 100,000,000 shares of non-voting common stock, par value of $0.0001 per share, 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share and 100,000,000 shares of redeemable preferred stock, par value $0.0000025 per share. All outstanding shares are fully paid and non-assessable. As of June 30, 2022, we had 922,103,100 shares of SoFi Technologies voting common stock outstanding and approximately 3,234,000 shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock outstanding. Preferred Stock Our Board of Directors has authority to issue shares of SoFi Technologies’ preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The issuance of SoFi Technologies preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our securities, restricting dividends on SoFi Technologies capital stock, diluting the voting power of common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of SoFi Technologies capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of SoFi Technologies. Redeemable Preferred Stock The Board of Directors has authority to issue shares of SoFi Technologies’ redeemable preferred stock in one or more series, to fix for each such series such voting powers, designations, preferences, qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences for the issue of such series all to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The issuance of SoFi Technologies preferred stock could have the effect of decreasing the trading price of our securities, restricting dividends on SoFi Technologies capital stock, diluting the voting power of common stock, impairing the liquidation rights of SoFi Technologies capital stock, or delaying or preventing a change in control of SoFi Technologies. Pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock rank senior to all classes of common stock and existing and future series or classes of capital stock the terms of which do not expressly provide that it ranks senior to or pari passu with the Series 1 Preferred Stock, on parity with future series or classes of capital stock, the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks pari passu with the Series 1 Preferred Stock, and junior to all existing and future indebtedness of SoFi Technologies and any future series or class of capital stock the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks senior to the Series 1 Preferred Stock. The shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock are not convertible into any other securities of SoFi Technologies. The Series 1 Preferred Stock has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or, except upon exercise of any put right as further described below, mandatory redemption. The Series 1 Preferred Stock is redeemable at SoFi Technologies’ option as follows: SoFi Technologies may at any time, but no more than three times, at its option, redeem the Series 1 Preferred Stock, in whole or in part (subject to a minimum redemption amount as more fully described in the Certificate of Incorporation), including, in some cases, subject to the payment of a redemption premium. Holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock have put rights pursuant to which they may require SoFi Technologies to purchase for cash some or all of the shares of the Series 1 Preferred Stock under certain circumstances, including in connection with a change of control, if a dividend default occurs and if a covenant default occurs and is not cured within the allowed time. Common Stock Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive or other similar subscription rights to purchase any of SoFi Technologies securities. Our common stock is neither convertible nor redeemable. 4 T able of Contents Voting Rights Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share on each matter submitted to a vote of stockholders, as provided by the Certificate of Incorporation. The Bylaws provide that the holders of a majority of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast is required to take action, unless otherwise specified by law, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, and except for the election of directors, which is determined by a plurality vote. There are no cumulative voting rights. Each holder of the Series 1 Preferred Stock is entitled to vote on each matter submitted to a vote of holders of common stock and is entitled to one vote for each share of Series 1 Preferred Stock. The holders of voting common stock and Series 1 Preferred Stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. So long as any shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock is required for SoFi Technologies to amend, alter or repeal any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws in a manner that materially adversely affects the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock. Upon the occurrence of a dividend default, subject to certain conditions, the size of the Board of Directors will be increased by one, and Holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock have the right to appoint a director to fill the vacancy, which director will serve until certain conditions relating to payment of the cumulative dividends are met. Dividend Rights Each holder of shares of SoFi Technologies capital stock is entitled to the payment of dividends and other distributions as may be declared by the Board of Directors from time to time out of the assets of SoFi Technologies or funds legally available for dividends or other distributions. These rights are subject to the preferential rights of the holders of SoFi Technologies preferred stock, if any, and any contractual limitations on the ability of SoFi Technologies to declare and pay dividends. The holders of Series 1 Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative cash dividends at a fixed rate equal to 12.5% per annum prior to declaration or payment of any dividend (other than dividends payable in shares of capital stock junior to the Series 1 Preferred Stock) on any such more junior shares of capital stock. Such dividends will accumulate and compound (if applicable) regardless of whether SoFi Technologies has earnings, whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends and whether or not those dividends are declared by the Board of Directors. On the fifth anniversary of May 29, 2019 and annually thereafter, the dividend rate will reset to a new fixed rate equal to six-month LIBOR as in effect on the second London banking day prior to such date plus a spread of 9.9399% per annum. Other Rights Each holder of common stock is subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of the Series 1 Preferred Stock and any series of SoFi Technologies preferred stock that SoFi Technologies may designate and issue in the future. Liquidation Rights If SoFi Technologies is involved in voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of SoFi Technologies, or a similar event, each holder of common stock will participate pro rata in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of SoFi Technologies preferred stock and redeemable preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. SoFi Warrants Each SoFi warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $8.86 per share (subject to certain adjustments) at any time prior to the expiration of the warrant. The SoFi warrants expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time on May 19, 2024, the five-year anniversary of the original issue date of the SoFi warrants to acquire Social Finance Series H preferred stock. SoFi Technologies is required to provide the holders of SoFi warrants at least 30 days’ notice and the opportunity to exercise such SoFi warrants prior to the expiration of the warrants. Holders may elect to exercise the SoFi warrants on a cashless basis. Upon such a cashless exercise, SoFi Technologies would issue a number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) (i) the number of shares of common stock underlying the SoFi warrants being exercised multiplied by (ii) the difference between the fair market value of one share of common stock and the exercise price of the SoFi warrants, by (y) the fair market value of one share of common 5 T able of Contents stock. For these purposes, fair market value means the fair market value as determined by the SoFi Technologies Board of Directors or, if common stock is traded on a national securities exchange or other trading market, the closing price or last sale price of a share of common stock reported for the business day immediately prior to the date on which applicable exercise notice is delivered. The exercise price and amount and kind of property into which the SoFi warrants are exercisable are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of a stock split, reverse stock split, dividend of common stock or common stock equivalent or recapitalizations or similar transaction with respect to common stock. If SoFi Technologies declares a distribution on common stock payable in cash, indebtedness, securities, assets or options or rights for which no other adjustment is provided by the terms of the SoFi warrants, holders of SoFi warrants are entitled to receive, upon exercise of the SoFi warrant, the number and kind of securities and assets (including cash dividends) that such holders would have received had such holders been record holders of the common stock issuable pursuant to the SoFi warrants as of the record date for such distribution. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued upon the exercise of a SoFi warrant. In lieu of a fractional share, the number of shares of common stock will be rounded down to the nearest whole share, and SoFi Technologies will pay the exercising holder an amount in cash equal to the fair market value of such fractional share on the date of exercise, as determined in good faith by the SoFi Technologies Board of Directors. Convertible Senior Notes In October 2021, we closed on the issuance of $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes (the “Convertible Notes”), which do not bear regular interest, will mature in October 2026 (unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted) and will be convertible by the noteholders beginning in April 2026 under certain circumstances. We will settle conversions by paying or delivering, at our election, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, based on the applicable conversion rate(s). The Convertible Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in part, at our option at any time, and from time to time, beginning in October 2024 at a cash redemption price equal to the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest, if any. The conversion rate and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain corporate events that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the indenture) occur, then the conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. In addition, calling any note for redemption will also constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that note, in which case the conversion rate applicable to the conversion of that note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for redemption. Additionally, the Convertible Notes may incur special interest in the event of default, or additional interest if the Company has not satisfied certain reporting conditions or the Convertible Notes are not otherwise freely tradable, as such term is defined in the applicable indenture. If special interest or additional interest is incurred on the Convertible Notes, it could require an additional use of cash. Certain Agreements with Shareholders Shareholders’ Agreement We, the Sponsor and certain former shareholders of Social Finance (the “SoFi Holders”) entered into the Shareholders’ Agreement. The SoFi Holders include entities affiliated with SoftBank and Red Crow Capital, entities affiliated with Michael Bingle, one of our directors, and an entity affiliated with Mr. Al-Hammadi, one of our directors. Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, we also entered into the Share Repurchase Agreement with SoftBank Group Capital Limited (the “Share Repurchase Agreement”) committing us to repurchase, in the aggregate, $150 million of shares of common stock owned by the SoftBank Investors at a price per share equal to $10.00. Following such repurchase, in the event the combined ownership of shares of common stock by the SoftBank investors and Renren SF Holdings Inc., or their affiliates, exceeds a specified regulatory ownership threshold, the SoftBank Investors will convert a number of shares of common stock into non-voting common stock such that, the combined ownership of the SoftBank Investors, Renren SF Holdings Inc. and their affiliates will not exceed such threshold. The Shareholders’ Agreement further sets forth ongoing board designation rights that entitle (i) the SCH Sponsor to nominate up to two (2) independent directors, (ii) the SoftBank investors to nominate up to two (2) directors, (iii) the Silver Lake investors to nominate one (1) director, (iv) the QIA investors to nominate one (1) director, and (v) the Red Crow investors to nominate one (1) director, in each case so long as such entity or its affiliates owns a certain percentage of our common stock. Certain of these entities are also entitled to certain designation rights with respect to committees of our Board of Directors. In April 2021, the SoftBank investors and Red Crow investors waived their board designation rights. Pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, if, as of the Closing, we maintained an amount of available cash that exceeds a certain minimum threshold, and our Board of Directors approved the repurchase of our common stock, then until the earlier of 180 days following the Closing and such time as the amount of such repurchases equals $250 million, we were required to offer the SoFi Holders the right to sell to us shares of our common stock owned by the SoFi Holders at a price per share equal to $10.00, subject to certain prioritization between such stockholders, and in each case on the terms, and subject to the conditions, set forth in the Shareholders’ Agreement. 6 T able of Contents Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement We and holders of Series 1 preferred stock entered into the Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, the Series 1 preferred stock and any other of our equity securities or securities of our subsidiaries issued or issuable with respect to shares of Series 1 preferred stock. The Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement also provides for certain customary piggyback registration rights. The Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement will terminate on the date that such party no longer holds any Registrable Securities (as defined therein). Amended and Restated Series 1 Preferred Stock Investors’ Agreement SCH and the Series 1 Holders, including Anthony Noto, entered into the Series 1 Agreement. The Series 1 Agreement contains financial and other covenants, provides for certain information rights and provided for the cash payment of $21.2 million to the Series 1 Holders, immediately upon the Closing, in full satisfaction of the special payment rights set forth in the Original Series 1 Agreement, which was subject to adjustment in accordance with the Merger Agreement. The Series 1 Agreement further provides that if as the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock shall be entitled to appoint a director designated by QIA FIG Holding LLC to our Board of Directors, as provided in our Certificate of Incorporation, then each Series 1 Investor shall vote such number of shares of Series 1 Preferred Stock as is necessary to ensure that the person designated by QIA FIG Holding LLC is so elected. Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement We, the Sponsor, certain affiliates of the Sponsor and certain SoFi stockholders entered into an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which we agree to register for resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, certain shares of our common stock and other of our equity securities that are held by the parties thereto from time to time. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement amends and restates the registration rights agreement that was entered into by SCH, the Sponsor and the other parties thereto in connection with the SCH initial public offering. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement also provides for certain customary piggyback registration rights. The Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement will terminate on the date that such party no longer holds any Registrable Securities (as defined therein). Anti-Takeover Effects of the Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws The Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws contain provisions that may delay, defer or discourage another party from acquiring control of SoFi Technologies. SoFi Technologies expects that these provisions, which are summarized below, will discourage coercive takeover practices or inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of SoFi Technologies to first negotiate with the Board of Directors , which SoFi Technologies believes may result in an improvement of the terms of any such acquisition in favor of SoFi Stockholders. However, they also give the Board of Directors the power to discourage mergers that some stockholders may favor. Board Composition and Filling Vacancies The Certificate of Incorporation provides that directors may be removed with or without cause by the affirmative vote of a majority of the holders of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Any vacancy on the B oard of Directors , however occurring, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the size of the Board of Directors , may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors then in office even if less than a quorum, subject to the rights granted to certain stockholders under the Shareholders’ Rights Agreement. The treatment of vacancies has the effect of making it more difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our Board of Directors . Special Meetings of Stockholders The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a special meeting of stockholders may be called by the (a) the Chairperson of the B oard of Directors , (b) the Board of Directors or (c) the Chief Executive Officer of SoFi Technologies, provided that such special meeting may be postponed, rescheduled or canceled by the Board of Directors or other person calling the meeting. The Bylaws limit the business that may be conducted at an annual or special meeting of stockholders to those matters properly brought before the meeting. Action by Written Consent The Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders must be effected at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and may not be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. 7 T able of Contents This limit may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions and would prevent the amendment of our bylaws or removal of directors by our stockholders without holding a meeting of stockholders. Advance Notice Requirements The Bylaws establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors or new business to be brought before meetings of SoFi Technologies’ stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely given in writing to the corporate secretary of SoFi Technologies prior to the meeting at which the action is to be taken. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at the principal executive offices of SoFi Technologies not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year. The Bylaws specify the requirements as to form and content of all stockholders’ notices. These requirements may preclude stockholders from bringing matters before the stockholders at an annual or special meeting. Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws Any amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation must first be approved by a majority of the Board of Directors , and if required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, must thereafter be approved by a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment and a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to stockholder action, board composition, limitation of liability and certificate of incorporation must be approved by not less than 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the amendment, and not less than 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class. The Bylaws may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, subject to any limitations set forth in the Bylaws; and may also be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote on the election of directors, except that the amendment of the provisions relating to special meetings, voting, advance notice, consents in lieu of meetings, powers, number and qualification of directors, advance notice for nomination of directors, indemnification, exclusive forum and amendments must be approved by the affirmative vote of not less than 66 2/3% 66 2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors. Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute Section 203 of the DGCL provides that if a person acquires 15% or more of the voting stock of a Delaware corporation, such person becomes an “interested stockholder” and may not engage in certain “business combinations” with such corporation for a period of three years from the time such person acquired 15% or more of such corporation’s voting stock, unless: (i) the Board of Directors of such corporation approves the acquisition of stock or the merger transaction before the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, (ii) the interested stockholder owns at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation at the time the merger transaction commences (excluding voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans), or (iii) the merger transaction is approved by the Board of Directors and at a meeting of stockholders, not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of 2∕3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. A Delaware corporation may elect in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws not to be governed by this particular Delaware law. Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors The Certificate of Incorporation provides that SoFi Technologies will indemnify its directors to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law. SoFi Technologies has entered into agreements to indemnify its directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by the Board of Directors . Under the Bylaws, SoFi Technologies is required to indemnify each of SoFi Technologies’ directors and officers if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director or officer of SoFi Technologies or was serving at the request of SoFi Technologies as a director, officer, employee or agent for another entity. SoFi Technologies must indemnify its officers and directors against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the indemnitee in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner the indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of SoFi Technologies, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful. The Bylaws also require SoFi Technologies to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a director or officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person will repay any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by SoFi Technologies. Any claims for indemnification by SoFi Technologies’ directors and officers may reduce SoFi Technologies’ available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against SoFi Technologies and may reduce the amount of money available to SoFi Technologies. 8 T able of Contents Corporate Opportunity Waiver The Certificate of Incorporation provides that SoFi Technologies acknowledges that, among other things, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Sponsor, the SoftBank Investors, the Silver Lake Investors, the QIA Investors and the Red Crow Investors and their affiliates and director nominees (a) may engage in business that compete with SoFi Technologies without any obligation to offer SoFi Technologies or any holder of SoFi Technologies capital stock the opportunity to participate therein and (b) have not duty to communicate or present to SoFi Technologies or any holder of SoFi Technologies capital stock any potential transaction or matter that may be a corporate opportunity for SoFi Technologies and shall have no liability to SoFi Technologies by reason of the fact that such person pursues or acquires the opportunity for itself or directs the opportunity to another person other than SoFi Technologies; provided, that the foregoing do not apply to any potential transaction or matter that may be a corporate or other business opportunity of SoFi Technologies that is presented in writing to a director nominee of SCH, the SoftBank Investors, the Silver Lake Investors, the QIA Investors or the Red Crow Investors expressly in such director nominee’s capacity as a director or employee of SoFi Technologies (and not in any other capacity). Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions The Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless SoFi Technologies consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that such court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for any state law claims for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of SoFi Technologies, (ii) any action asserting a claim for or based on a breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or other employee of SoFi Technologies to SoFi Technologies or SoFi Technologies stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against SoFi Technologies or any current or former director or officer or other employee of SoFi Technologies arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Bylaws or Certificate of Incorporation (as either may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action asserting a claim related to or involving SoFi Technologies that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and (v) any action asserting an “internal corporate claim” as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL (the “Delaware Forum Provision”). The Delaware Forum Provision, however, does not apply to actions or claims arising under the Exchange Act. The Bylaws also provide that, unless SoFi Technologies consents in writing to the selection of an alternate forum, the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, shall be the United States Federal District Courts. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder; SoFi Technologies stockholders cannot and will not be deemed to have waived compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging certain lawsuits, including derivative lawsuits and lawsuits against the directors and officers of SoFi Technologies, by limiting plaintiffs’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against SoFi Technologies, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in the Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. Transfer Agent The transfer agent for common stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Listing Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “SOFI.” 9 T able of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES We may offer debt securities which may be senior or subordinated. We refer to senior debt securities and subordinated debt securities collectively as debt securities. Each series of debt securities may have different terms. The following description summarizes the general terms and provisions of the debt securities. We will describe the specific terms of the debt securities and the extent, if any, to which the general provisions summarized below apply to any series of debt securities in the prospectus supplement relating to the series and any applicable free writing prospectus that we authorize to be delivered. We may issue senior debt securities from time to time, in one or more series under a senior indenture to be entered into between us and a senior trustee to be named in a prospectus supplement, which we refer to as the senior trustee. We may issue subordinated debt securities from time to time, in one or more series, under a subordinated indenture to be entered into between us and a subordinated trustee to be named in a prospectus supplement, which we refer to as the subordinated trustee. The forms of senior indenture and subordinated indenture are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Together, the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are referred to as the indentures and, together, the senior trustee and the subordinated trustee are referred to as the trustees. This prospectus briefly outlines some of the provisions of the indentures. The following summary of the material provisions of the indentures is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the indentures, including definitions of certain terms used in the indentures. Wherever we refer to particular sections or defined terms of the indentures, those sections or defined terms are incorporated by reference in this prospectus or the applicable prospectus supplement. You should review the forms of indentures that are filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part for additional information. As used in this prospectus, the term “debt securities” includes the debt securities which may be offered in this prospectus and all other debt securities issued by us under the indentures. General The indentures: • do not limit the amount of debt securities that we may issue; • allow us to issue debt securities in one or more series; • do not require us to issue all of the debt securities of a series at the same time; and • allow us to reopen a series to issue additional debt securities without the consent of the holders of the debt securities of such series. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the senior debt securities will be unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. Payments on the subordinated debt securities will be subordinated to the prior payment in full of all of our senior indebtedness, as described under “– Subordination ” and in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each indenture provides that we may, but need not, designate more than one trustee under an indenture. Any trustee under an indenture may resign or be removed and a successor trustee may be appointed to act with respect to the series of debt securities administered by the resigning or removed trustee. If two or more persons are acting as trustee with respect to different series of debt securities, each trustee shall be a trustee of a trust under the applicable indenture separate and apart from the trust administered by any other trustee. Except as otherwise indicated in this prospectus, any action described in this prospectus to be taken by each trustee may be taken by each trustee with respect to, and only with respect to, the one or more series of debt securities for which it is trustee under the applicable indenture. The prospectus supplement for each offering will provide the following terms with respect to any series of debt securities, where applicable: • the title of the debt securities and whether they are senior or subordinated; • any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities of that series; • the date or dates on which the principal of the debt securities of the series is payable; • the price at which the debt securities will be issued, expressed as a percentage of the principal and, if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount thereof payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof or, if applicable, the portion of the principal amount of such debt securities that is convertible into another security of ours or the method by which any such portion shall be determined; 10 T able of Contents • the rate or rates at which the debt securities of the series shall bear interest or the manner of calculation of such rate or rates, if any; • the date or dates from which interest will accrue, the interest payment dates on which such interest will be payable or the manner of determination of such interest payment dates, the place(s) of payment, and the record date for the determination of holders to whom interest is payable on any such interest payment dates or the manner of determination of such record dates; • the right, if any, to extend the interest payment periods and the duration of such extension; • the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which debt securities of the series may be redeemed, converted or exchanged, in whole or in part; • our obligation, if any, to redeem or purchase debt securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund, mandatory redemption, or analogous provisions (including payments made in cash in satisfaction of future sinking fund obligations) or at the option of a holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, debt securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation; • the form of the debt securities of the series including the form of the Certificate of Authentication for such series; • if other than minimum denominations of one thousand U.S. dollars ($1,000) or any integral multiple of $1,000 thereof, the denominations in which the debt securities of the series shall be issuable; • whether the debt securities of the series shall be issued in whole or in part in the form of a global debt security or global debt securities, the terms and conditions, if any, upon which such global debt security or global debt securities may be exchanged in whole or in part for other individual debt securities and the depositary for such global debt security or global debt securities; • whether the debt securities will be convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or other securities of ours or any other Person and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which such debt securities will be so convertible or exchangeable, including the conversion or exchange price, as applicable, or how it will be calculated and may be adjusted, any mandatory or optional (at our option or the holders’ option) conversion or exchange features, and the applicable conversion or exchange period; • any additional or alternative events of default to those set forth in the indenture; • any additional or alternative covenants to those set forth in the indenture; • the currency or currencies including composite currencies, in which payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest, if any, on such debt securities shall be payable (if other than the currency of the United States of America), which unless otherwise specified shall be the currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public or private debts; • if the principal of (and premium, if any), or interest, if any, on such debt securities is to be payable, at our election or at the election of any holder thereof, in a coin or currency other than that in which such debt securities are stated to be payable, then the period or periods within which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such election may be made; • whether interest will be payable in cash or additional debt securities at our or the holders’ option and the terms and conditions upon which the election may be made; • the terms and conditions, if any, upon which we will pay amounts in addition to the stated interest, premium, if any and principal amounts of the debt securities of the series to any holder that is not a “United States person” for federal tax purposes; • additional or alternative provisions, if any, related to defeasance and discharge of the offered debt securities than those set forth in the indenture; • the applicability of any guarantees; • any restrictions on transfer, sale or assignment of the debt securities of the series; and 11 T able of Contents • any other terms of the debt securities (which may supplement, modify or delete any provision of the indenture insofar as it applies to such series). We may issue debt securities that provide for less than the entire principal amount thereof to be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity of the debt securities. We refer to any such debt securities throughout this prospectus as “original issue discount securities.” We will provide you with more information in the applicable prospectus supplement regarding any deletions, modifications, or additions to the events of default or covenants that are described below, including any addition of a covenant or other provision providing event risk or similar protection. Payment Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, any series of the debt securities will be payable by mailing a check to the address of the person entitled to it as it appears in the applicable register for the debt securities or by wire transfer of funds to that person at an account maintained within the United States. All monies that we pay to a paying agent or a trustee for the payment of the principal of, and any premium, or interest on, any debt security will be repaid to us if unclaimed at the end of two years after the obligation underlying payment becomes due and payable. After funds have been returned to us, the holder of the debt security may look only to us for payment, without payment of interest for the period which we hold the funds. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets The indentures provide that we may, without the consent of the holders of any outstanding debt securities, (i) consolidate with, (ii) sell, lease or convey all or substantially all of our assets to, or (iii) merge with or into, any other entity provided that: • either we are the continuing entity, or the successor entity, if other than us, assumes the obligations (a) to pay the principal of, and any premium, and interest on, all of the debt securities and (b) to duly perform and observe all of the covenants and conditions contained in the applicable indenture; and in the event the debt securities are convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or other securities of ours, such successor entity will, by such supplemental indenture, make provision so that the holders of debt securities of that series shall thereafter be entitled to receive upon conversion or exchange of such debt securities the number of securities or property to which a holder of the number of common stock or other securities of ours deliverable upon conversion or exchange of those debt securities would have been entitled had such conversion or exchange occurred immediately prior to such consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition; and • an officers’ certificate and legal opinion covering such conditions are delivered to each applicable trustee. Events of Default, Notice and Waiver Unless the applicable prospectus supplement states otherwise, when we refer to “events of default” as defined in the indentures with respect to any series of debt securities, we mean: • default in the payment of any installment of interest on any debt security of such series continuing for 90 days unless such date has been extended or deferred; • default in the payment of principal of, or any premium on, any debt security of such series when due and payable unless such date has been extended or deferred; • default in the performance or breach of any covenant or warranty in the debt securities or in the indenture by us continuing for 90 days after written notice described below; • bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, or court appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of us; and • any other event of default provided with respect to a particular series of debt securities. If an event of default (other than an event of default described in the fourth bullet point above) occurs and is continuing with respect to debt securities of any series outstanding, then the applicable trustee or the holders of 25% or more in principal amount of the debt securities of that series will have the right to declare the principal amount of, and accrued interest on, all the debt securities of that series to be due and payable. If an event of default described in the fourth bullet point above occurs, the principal amount of, and accrued interest on, all the debt securities of that series will automatically become and will be immediately due and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the trustee or the holders of the debt 12 T able of Contents securities. However, at any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made, but before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the applicable trustee, the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of such series or of all debt securities then outstanding under the applicable indenture may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if: • we have deposited with the applicable trustee all required payments of the principal, any premium, interest and, to the extent permitted by law, interest on overdue installment of interest, plus applicable fees, expenses, disbursements and advances of the applicable trustee; and • all events of default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal, or a specified portion thereof, and any premium, have been cured or waived. The indentures provide that holders of debt securities of any series may not institute any proceedings, judicial or otherwise, with respect to such indenture or for any remedy under the indenture, unless the trustee fails to act for a period of 90 days after the trustee has received a written request to institute proceedings in respect of an event of default from the holders of 25% or more in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of such series, as well as an offer of indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the trustee. However, this provision will not prevent any holder of debt securities from instituting suit for the enforcement of payment of the principal of, and any premium, and interest on, such debt securities at the respective due dates thereof. The indentures provide that, subject to provisions in each indenture relating to its duties in the case of a default, a trustee has no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers at the request or direction of any holders of any series of debt securities then outstanding under the indenture, unless the holders have offered to the trustee reasonable security or indemnity. The holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series or of all debt securities then outstanding under an indenture shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the applicable trustee, or of exercising any trust or power conferred upon such trustee. However, a trustee may refuse to follow any direction which: • is in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; • may involve the trustee in personal liability; or • may be unduly prejudicial to the holders of debt securities of the series not joining the proceeding. Within 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, we will be required to deliver to each trustee a certificate, signed by one of our several specified officers, stating whether or not that officer has knowledge of any default under the applicable indenture. If the officer has knowledge of any default, the notice must specify the nature and status of the default. Modification of the Indentures Subject to certain exceptions, the indentures may be amended with the consent of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series affected by such amendment (including consents obtained in connection with a tender offer or exchange for the debt securities of such series). We and the applicable trustee may make modifications and amendments of an indenture without the consent of any holder of debt securities for any of the following purposes: • to cure any ambiguity, defect, or inconsistency in the applicable indenture or in the Securities of any series; • to comply with the covenant described above under “- Merger, Consolidation or Sale of Assets”; • to provide for uncertificated debt securities in addition to or in place of certificated debt securities; • to add events of default for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities; • to add covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions relating to us for the benefit of the holders of all or any series of debt securities (and if such covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions are to be for the benefit of less than all series of debt securities, stating that such covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series), to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default, or to surrender any right or power in the applicable indenture conferred upon us; • to add to, delete from, or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication, and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the applicable indenture; 13 T able of Contents • to make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any holder of notes under the applicable indenture in any material respect; • to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided in the applicable indenture, to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture or any series of debt securities under the applicable indenture, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; • to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under the applicable indenture by a successor trustee or to appoint a separate trustee with respect to any series; • to comply with any requirements of the SEC or any successor in connection with the qualification of the indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act; or • to conform the applicable indenture to this “- Description of Debt Securitie s” or any other similarly titled section in any prospectus supplement or other offering document relating to a series of debt securities. Subordination Payment by us of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on any series of subordinated debt securities issued under the subordinated indenture will be subordinated to the extent set forth in an indenture supplemental to the subordinated indenture relating to such series. Discharge, Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the indentures allow us to discharge our obligations to holders of any series of debt securities issued under any indenture when: • either (i) all securities of such series have already been delivered to the applicable trustee for cancellation; or (ii) all securities of such series have not already been delivered to the applicable trustee for cancellation but (a) have become due and payable, (b) will become due and payable within one year, or (c) if redeemable at our option, are to be redeemed within one year, and we have irrevocably deposited with the applicable trustee, in trust, funds in such currency or currencies, or governmental obligations in an amount sufficient to pay the entire indebtedness on such debt securities in respect of principal and any premium, and interest to the date of such deposit if such debt securities have become due and payable or, if they have not, to the stated maturity or redemption date; or • we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable. Unless otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the indentures provide that, upon our irrevocable deposit with the applicable trustee, in trust, of an amount, in such currency or currencies in which such debt securities are payable at stated maturity, or government obligations, or both, applicable to such debt securities, which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in accordance with their terms will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of, and any premium or make-whole amount, and interest on, such debt securities, and any mandatory sinking fund or analogous payments thereon, on the scheduled due dates therefor, the issuing company shall be released from its obligations with respect to such debt securities under the applicable indenture or, if provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, its obligations with respect to any other covenant, and any omission to comply with such obligations shall not constitute an event of default with respect to such debt securities. The applicable prospectus supplement may further describe the provisions, if any, permitting such defeasance or covenant defeasance, including any modifications to the provisions described above, with respect to the debt securities of or within a particular series. Conversion Rights The terms and conditions, if any, upon which the debt securities are convertible into common stock or other securities of ours will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. The terms will include whether the debt securities are convertible into shares of common stock or other securities of ours, the conversion price, or manner of calculation thereof, the conversion period, provisions as to whether conversion will be at the issuing company’s option or the option of the holders, the events requiring an adjustment of the conversion price and provisions affecting conversion in the event of the redemption of the debt securities and any restrictions on conversion. 14 T able of Contents Governing Law The indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act is applicable. 15 T able of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS Warrants Issuable The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so indicated in the prospectus supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and forms of warrant agreements will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. General We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or together with common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from these securities. We will evidence each series of warrants by warrant certificates that we will issue under a separate warrant agreement. We will enter into the warrant agreement with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants, including: • the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreement and the warrants; • the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • the periods during which, and places at which, the warrants are exercisable; • the manner of exercise; • the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • the manner in which the warrant agreement and warrants may be modified; • federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; • the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. 16 T able of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, debt securities and warrants in any combination. We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section outlines certain provisions of the units that we may issue. If we issue units, they will be issued under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit agent. The information described in this section may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms of any series of units offered will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a particular supplement, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of terms presented below. We urge you to read any prospectus supplement related to any series of units we may offer, as well as the complete unit agreement and unit certificate that contain the terms of the units. If we issue units, forms of unit agreements and unit certificates relating to such units will be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. Each unit that we may issue will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement may describe: • the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; • any provisions of the governing unit agreement; • the price or prices at which such units will be issued; • the applicable United States federal income tax considerations relating to the units; • any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and • any other terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “ Description of Capital Stock ,” “ Description of Debt Securities ” and “ Description of Warrants ” will apply to the securities included in each unit, to the extent relevant and as may be updated in any prospectus supplements. Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section summarizes terms of the units that apply generally to all series. Most of the financial and other specific terms of a particular series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unit Agreements We will issue the units under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit agent. We may add, replace or terminate unit agents from time to time. We will identify the unit agreement under which each series of units will be issued and the unit agent under that agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following provisions will generally apply to all unit agreements unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement: Modification without Consent We and the applicable unit agent may amend any unit or unit agreement without the consent of any holder: • to cure any ambiguity, including modifying any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; • to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision; or • to make any other change that we believe is necessary or desirable and will not adversely affect the interests of the affected holders in any material respect. 17 T able of Contents We do not need any approval to make changes that affect only units to be issued after the changes take effect. We may also make changes that do not adversely affect a particular unit in any material respect, even if they adversely affect other units in a material respect. In those cases, we do not need to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected unit; we need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected units. Modification with Consent We may not amend any particular unit or a unit agreement with respect to any particular unit unless we obtain the consent of the holder of that unit, if the amendment would: • impair any right of the holder to exercise or enforce any right under a security included in the unit if the terms of that security require the consent of the holder to any changes that would impair the exercise or enforcement of that right; or • reduce the percentage of outstanding units or any series or class the consent of whose holders is required to amend that series or class, or the applicable unit agreement with respect to that series or class, as described below. Any other change to a particular unit agreement and the units issued under that agreement would require the following approval: • If the change affects only the units of a particular series issued under that agreement, the change must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of that series; or • If the change affects the units of more than one series issued under that agreement, it must be approved by the holders of a majority of all outstanding units of all series affected by the change, with the units of all the affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. These provisions regarding changes with majority approval also apply to changes affecting any securities issued under a unit agreement, as the governing document. In each case, the required approval must be given by written consent. Unit Agreements Will Not Be Qualified under Trust Indenture Act No unit agreement will be qualified as an indenture, and no unit agent will be required to qualify as a trustee, under the Trust Indenture Act. Therefore, holders of units issued under unit agreements will not have the protections of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to their units. Mergers and Similar Transactions Permitted; No Restrictive Covenants or Events of Default The unit agreements will not restrict our ability to merge or consolidate with, or sell our assets to, another corporation or other entity or to engage in any other transactions. If at any time we merge or consolidate with, or sell our assets substantially as an entirety to, another corporation or other entity, the successor entity will succeed to and assume our obligations under the unit agreements. We will then be relieved of any further obligation under these agreements. The unit agreements will not include any restrictions on our ability to put liens on our assets, nor will they restrict our ability to sell our assets. The unit agreements also will not provide for any events of default or remedies upon the occurrence of any events of default. Governing Law The unit agreements and the units will be governed by New York law. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue each unit in global - i.e., book-entry - form only. Units in book-entry form will be represented by a global security registered in the name of a depositary, which will be the holder of all the units represented by the global security. Those who own beneficial interests in a unit will do so through participants in the depositary’s system, and the rights of these indirect owners will be governed solely by the applicable procedures of the depositary and its participants. We will describe book-entry securities, and other terms regarding the issuance and registration of the units in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each unit and all securities comprising the unit will be issued in the same form. If we issue any units in registered, non-global form, the following will apply to them. 18 T able of Contents The units will be issued in the denominations stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Holders may exchange their units for units of smaller denominations or combined into fewer units of larger denominations, as long as the total amount is not changed. • Holders may exchange or transfer their units at the office of the unit agent. Holders may also replace lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated units at that office. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. • Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their units, but they may be required to pay for any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange, and any replacement, will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder’s proof of legal ownership. The transfer agent may also require an indemnity before replacing any units. • If we have the right to redeem, accelerate or settle any units before their maturity, and we exercise our right as to less than all those units or other securities, we may block the exchange or transfer of those units during the period beginning 15 days before the day we mail the notice of exercise and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers of or exchange any unit selected for early settlement, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unsettled portion of any unit being partially settled. We may also block the transfer or exchange of any unit in this manner if the unit includes securities that are or may be selected for early settlement. Only the depositary will be entitled to transfer or exchange a unit in global form, since it will be the sole holder of the unit. Payments and Notices In making payments and giving notices with respect to our units, we will follow the procedures as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 19 T able of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, “at the market offerings,” negotiated transactions, block trades or a combination of these methods. We may sell the securities to or through one or more underwriters or dealers (acting as principal or agent), through agents, or directly to one or more purchasers. The securities may be distributed at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed, market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to the prevailing market prices, or negotiated prices, either: • on or through the facilities of Nasdaq or any other securities exchange or quotation or trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of sale; and/or • to or through a market maker otherwise than on Nasdaq or such other securities exchanges or quotation or trading services. In addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution or in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders. We may directly solicit offers to purchase securities, or agents may be designated to solicit such offers. In the prospectus supplement relating to such offering, we will name any agent that could be viewed as an underwriter under the Securities Act and describe any commissions that we must pay to any such agent. Any such agent will be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment or, if indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, on a firm commitment basis. This prospectus may be used in connection with any offering of our securities through any of these methods or other methods described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each prospectus supplement will describe the method of distribution of the securities and any applicable restrictions. The prospectus supplement with respect to the securities of a particular series will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including the following: • the name of the agent(s), dealer(s) or underwriter(s), if any; • the purchase price of the securities or other consideration therefor, and the proceeds, if any, we will receive from the sale; • any over-allotment or other options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; • any agency fees or discounts or commissions to be allowed or paid to the agent or underwriters; • all other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; • any discounts and commissions to be allowed or paid to dealers; and • any exchanges on which the securities will be listed. If any underwriters or agents are used in the sale of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered, we will enter into an underwriting agreement, sales agreement or other agreement with them at the time of sale to them, and we will set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to such offering the names of the underwriters or agents and the terms of the related agreement with them. In connection with the offering of securities, we may grant to the underwriters an option to purchase additional securities with an additional underwriting commission, as may be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we grant any such option, the terms of such option will be set forth in the prospectus supplement for such securities. If a dealer is used in the sale of the securities in respect of which the prospectus is delivered, we will sell such securities to the dealer, as principal. The dealer, who may be deemed to be an “underwriter” as that term is defined in the Securities Act, may then resell such securities to the public at varying prices to be determined by such dealer at the time of resale. If we offer securities in a subscription rights offering to our existing security holders, we may enter into a standby underwriting agreement with dealers, acting as standby underwriters. We may pay the standby underwriters a commitment fee for the securities they commit to purchase on a standby basis. If we do not enter into a standby underwriting arrangement, we may retain a dealer-manager to manage a subscription rights offering for us. 20 T able of Contents Agents, underwriters, dealers and other persons may be entitled under agreements which they may enter into with us to indemnification by us against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. If so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will authorize underwriters or other persons acting as our agents to solicit offers by certain institutions to purchase securities from us pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on the date stated in the prospectus supplement. Each contract will be for an amount not less than, and the aggregate amount of securities sold pursuant to such contracts shall not be less nor more than, the respective amounts stated in the prospectus supplement. Institutions with whom the contracts, when authorized, may be made include commercial and savings banks, insurance companies, pension funds, investment companies, educational and charitable institutions and other institutions, but shall in all cases be subject to our approval. Delayed delivery contracts will not be subject to any conditions except that: • the purchase by an institution of the securities covered under that contract shall not at the time of delivery be prohibited under the laws of the jurisdiction to which that institution is subject; and • if the securities are also being sold to underwriters acting as principals for their own account, the underwriters shall have purchased such securities not sold for delayed delivery. The underwriters and other persons acting as our agents will not have any responsibility in respect of the validity or performance of delayed delivery contracts. Offered securities may also be offered and sold, if so indicated in the prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon their purchase, in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more remarketing firms, acting as principals for their own accounts or as agents for us. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the terms of its agreement, if any, with us and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Remarketing firms may be deemed to be underwriters in connection with their remarketing of offered securities. Certain agents, underwriters and dealers, and their associates and affiliates, may be customers of, have borrowing relationships with, engage in other transactions with, or perform services, including investment banking services, for us or one or more of our respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In order to facilitate the offering of the securities, any underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the price of the securities or any other securities the prices of which may be used to determine payments on such securities. Specifically, any underwriters may over allot in connection with the offering, creating a short position for their own accounts. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the price of the securities or of any such other securities, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase, the securities or any such other securities in the open market. Finally, in any offering of the securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate may reclaim selling concessions allowed to an underwriter or a dealer for distributing the securities in the offering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions, in stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities above independent market levels. Any such underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. We may engage in at the market offerings into an existing trading market in accordance with Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act. In addition, we may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement so indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by us or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus, will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus and an applicable prospectus supplement. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable prospectus supplement may provide that the original issue date for your securities may be more than two scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities. Accordingly, in such a case, if you wish to trade securities on any date prior to the second business day before the original issue date for your securities, you will be required, by virtue of the fact that your securities initially are expected to settle in more than two scheduled business days after the trade date for your securities, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a failed settlement. 21 T able of Contents The securities may be new issues of securities and may have no established trading market. The securities may or may not be listed on a national securities exchange. We can make no assurance as to the liquidity of or the existence of trading market for any of the securities. The specific terms of any lock-up provisions in respect of any given offering will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The underwriters, dealers and agents may engage in transactions with us, or perform services for us, in the ordinary course of business for which they receive compensation. The anticipated date of delivery of offered securities will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to each offer. 22 T able of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Goodwin Procter LLP, New York, New York has passed upon the validity of the securities of SoFi Technologies offered by this prospectus and certain other legal matters related to this prospectus. Any underwriters will be advised about legal matters by their own counsel, which will be named in a prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The financial statements of SoFi Technologies, Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus, have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report. Such financial statements are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the report of such firm, given their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933. This prospectus is part of the registration statement, but does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement or the exhibits. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document referred to are not necessarily complete and in each instance, if such contract or document is filed as an exhibit, reference is made to the copy of such contract or other document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, each statement being qualified in all respects by such reference. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We have also filed a registration statement on Form S-3, including exhibits, under the Securities Act with respect to the securities offered by this prospectus. Our SEC filings are available to the public on the Internet at a website maintained by the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov. Those filings are also available to the public on, or accessible through, our website under the heading “Investor Information” at www.sofi.com. The information contained on, or otherwise accessible through, our website, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part of this prospectus. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The SEC permits us to “incorporate by reference” the information contained in documents we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents rather than by including them in this prospectus. Information that is incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus and you should read it with the same care that you read this prospectus. Later information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede the information that is either contained, or incorporated by reference, in this prospectus, and will be considered to be a part of this prospectus from the date those documents are filed. We have filed with the SEC, and incorporate by reference in this prospectus: • our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 1, 2022, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022; • our Quarterly Report on F orm 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2022; • our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 202 2 , February 2, 2 0 2 2 , February 24, 20 2 2 , March 3, 2 02 2 , April 6, 2 02 2 and July 14, 2022 ; and • the description of our Common Stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A , registering our Common Stock under Section 12(b) under the Exchange Act, filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021, as updated by the description of our common stock set forth in Exhibit 4. 5 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 1, 2022, together with any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating such description. We also incorporate by reference all additional documents that we file with the SEC under the terms of Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are made after the filing date of the initial registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement, as well as between the date of this prospectus and the termination of any offering of securities offered by this prospectus. We are not, however, incorporating, in each case, any documents or information that we are deemed to furnish and not file in accordance with SEC rules. Each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a prospectus is delivered may request a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference but not delivered with this prospectus, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the 23 T able of Contents following address and number: SoFi Technologies, Inc., 234 1 st Street, San Francisco, California 94105, telephone (855) 456-7634. We will not, however, send exhibits to those documents, unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference in those documents. 24 T able of Contents PART II: INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth the estimated expenses to be borne by the registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the shares of securities in connection with this prospectus. SEC registration fee | $ | 92,700
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent and trustee fees | *
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | * * The applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated aggregate amount of expenses payable in respect of any offering of securities. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Subsection (a) of Section 145 of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection (b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or 25 T able of Contents which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements, we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware, if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements also require us, if so requested, to advance all fees, expenses and other costs that such director or officer incurred, provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 26 T able of Contents Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. The financial statements filed as part of this registration statement are listed in the index to the financial statements immediately preceding such financial statements, which index to the financial statements is incorporated herein by reference. The following exhibits are filed herewith, or were previously filed and are hereby incorporated by reference. Exhibit No. | Description | Form | File Number | Date of Filing | Exhibit Number Reference
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement
2.1 + | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 7, 2021, by and among Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, Plutus Merger Sub Inc. and Social Finance, Inc. | S-4 | 333-252009 | January 11, 2021 | 2.1
2.2 | First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 16, 2021, by and among Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. V, Plutus Merger Sub Inc. and Social Finance, Inc. | 8-K | 001-39606 | March 16, 2021 | 2.1
2.3 | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of April 6, 2020, by and among Social Finance, Inc., SFI Acquisition Co., Inc., SFI Financial Technologies LLC, and Shareholder Representative Services LLC | S-1 | 333-257092 | June 22, 2021 | 2.3
2.4 + | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of February 19, 2022, by and among SoFi Technologies, Inc., Technisys S.A., Atom New Delaware, Inc., Atom Merger Sub Corporation and Fortis Advisors LLC, as representative | 8-K | 001-39606 | February 24, 2022 | 2.1
4.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of SoFi Technologies, Inc. | 8-K | 001-39606 | June 4, 2021 | 3.1
4.2 | By-Laws of SoFi Technologies, Inc. | 8-K | 001-39606 | June 4, 2021 | 3.2
4.3 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of SoFi Technologies, Inc. | S-4/A | 333-252009 | February 10, 2021 | 4.6
4.4 | Form of Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Stock, by and among SoFi Technologies, Inc., Social Finance, Inc. and the Investor named therein | S-4 | 333-252009 | January 11, 2021 | 4.5
4.5 | Indenture, dated as of October 4, 2021, between SoFi Technologies, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee | 8-K | 001-39606 | October 4, 2021 | 4.1
4.6 | Form of Note representing the 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A) | 8-K | 001-39606 | October 4, 2021 | 4.2
4.7 | Form of Subscription Agreement, by and between the Registrant and the undersigned subscriber party thereto | S-4 | 333-252009 | January 11, 2021 | 10.3
4.8 | Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, SCH Sponsor V LLC, and the parties identified on the signature pages thereto | 8-K | 001-39606 | June 4, 2021 | 10.4
4.9 | Amended and Restated Series 1 Preferred Stock Investors’ Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2021, by and among the Registrant and the investors listed on Schedule 1 thereto | S-4 | 333-252009 | January 11, 2021 | 10.5
4.10 | Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant, SCH Sponsor V LLC, certain former stockholders of Social Finance, Inc., as set forth on Schedule 1 thereto, Jay Parikh, Jennifer Dulski and the parties set forth on Schedule 2 thereto | 8-K | 001-39606 | June 4, 2021 | 10.5
4.11 | Series 1 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, by and among the Registrant and certain former stockholders of Social Finance, Inc., as set forth on Schedule 1 thereto | 8-K | 001-39606 | June 4, 2021 | 10.5
4.12 * | Form of Senior Indenture
4.13 * | Form of Subordinated Indenture
4.14** | Form of Certificate of Designation of Preferred Stock
4.15** | Form of Debt Securities
4.16** | Form of Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate
4.17** | Form of Unit Agreement and Unit Certificate
5.1 * | Opinion of Goodwin Procter LLP
23.1 * | Consent of Goodwin Procter LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
23.2 * | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
24.1* | Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of the Registration Statement)
25.1** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 27 T able of Contents 25.2** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
101.INS* | Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document
101.SCH* | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL* | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.LAB* | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE* | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
101.DEF* | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
107 * | Filing Fee Table __________________ * Filed herewith. ** To be filed by amendment or by a report filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference, if applicable. + Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. Item 17. Undertakings. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) to file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) to include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act, as amended (the “Securities Act”); (ii) to reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however , that paragraphs (l)(i), (l)(ii) and (l)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement; (2) that, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; (3) to remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering; (4) that, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (a) each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (b) each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering being made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the 28 T able of Contents registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) that, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (a) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (b) any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (c) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (d) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (8) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective; (9) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof; and (10) To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. 29 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement on Form S-3 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Francisco, State of California, on July 15, 2022. SOFI TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
By: | /s/ Christopher Lapointe
Name: | Christopher Lapointe
Title: | Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY Each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Anthony Noto and Christopher Lapointe, acting alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all further amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (and any additional registration statement related hereto permitted by Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act (and all further amendments, including post-effective amendments, thereto)), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, this Registration Statement on Form S-3 has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on July 15, 2022. Signatures | Title
/s/ Anthony Noto | Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer and Director
Anthony Noto
/s/ Christopher Lapointe | Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Christopher Lapointe
/s/ Tom Hutton | Chairman of the Board of Directors
Tom Hutton
/s/ Steven Freiberg | Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
Steven Freiberg
/s/ Ahmed Al-Hammadi | Director
Ahmed Al-Hammadi
/s/ Ruzwana Bashir | Director
Ruzwana Bashir
/s/ Clara Liang | Director
Clara Liang
/s/ Harvey Schwartz | Director
Harvey Schwartz
/s/ Magdalena Yeşil | Director
Magdalena Yeşil 30