8-K 1 tm2030504d1_8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event
reported): September 15, 2020 Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings
Corp. II (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Cayman Islands (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | 001-39253 (Commission File Number) | 98-1515020 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 317 University Ave, Suite 200 Palo Alto, California (Address of principal executive offices) | 94301 (Zip Code) (650) 521-9007 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if
changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the
Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: x | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share, $0.0001 par value, and one-third of one Warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share | IPOB.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share | IPOB | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares | IPOB.WS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company x If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive
Agreement. On September 15, 2020,
Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company limited by shares (" SCH "),
announced that it entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the " Merger Agreement "),
by and among Hestia Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of SCH (" Merger
Sub "), and Opendoor Labs Inc., a Delaware corporation (" Opendoor "). Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, and subject to the approval of SCH's shareholders, among other things: (i) prior to the Closing, SCH shall domesticate
as a Delaware corporation in accordance with Section 388 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended, and the Cayman Islands
Companies Law (2020 Revision) (the " Domestication "), (ii) at the Closing,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, in accordance with the DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and
into Opendoor, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Opendoor will be the surviving corporation and a wholly
owned subsidiary of SCH (the " Merger "), (iii) upon consummation of the
Merger, all of the equity interests of Opendoor will be converted into the right to receive the number of shares of common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of SCH (after its Domestication as a corporation incorporated in the State of Delaware) (" SCH
Common Stock ") equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) $5,000,000,000 by (y) $10.00 and (iv) upon the consummation
of the Merger, SCH shall immediately be renamed "Opendoor Technologies Inc." The Closing is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain closing conditions contained in the Merger Agreement. On September 15,
2020, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, SCH also announced that it entered into subscription
agreements (the " Subscription Agreements ") with certain investors (collectively, the " PIPE
Investors ") pursuant to, and on the terms and subject to the conditions of which, the PIPE Investors have
collectively subscribed for 60 million shares of SCH Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price equal to $600 million (the
" PIPE Investment "), a portion of which is expected to be funded by one or more affiliates of current
Opendoor stockholders and of SCH Sponsor II LLC, SCH's sponsor (the " Sponsor "),
respectively. The PIPE Investment will be consummated substantially concurrently with the closing of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements. On September 15, 2020,
SCH also announced entry into a Support Agreement (the " Sponsor Support Agreement "),
by and among SCH, the Sponsor and Opendoor, pursuant to which the Sponsor and each director of SCH agreed to, among
other things, vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to the terms
and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support Agreement. In addition, SCH has entered into a Support Agreement (the " Company
Support Agreement ") by and among SCH, Opendoor and certain stockholders of Opendoor (the " Key Stockholders "),
pursuant to which the Key Stockholders have agreed to, among other things, vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions contemplated by the Company Support Agreement. A copy of the Merger
Agreement, the form of the Subscription Agreements, the Sponsor Support Agreement and the Company Support Agreement will be filed
by amendment on Form 8-K/A to this Current Report within four business days of the date hereof as Exhibit 2.1, Exhibit 10.1, Exhibit
10.2 and Exhibit 10.3, respectively, and the foregoing description of each of the Merger Agreement, Subscription Agreements, Sponsor
Support Agreement and Company Support Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities The disclosure set
forth above in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K with respect to the PIPE Investment is incorporated by reference
in this Item 3.02. The shares of SCH Common Stock to be issued in connection with the PIPE Investment will not be registered under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the " Securities Act "), and will be issued in reliance on the exemption
from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On September 15, 2020,
SCH and Opendoor issued a joint press release (the " Press Release ") announcing
the execution of the Merger Agreement. The Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit
99.2 and Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated herein by reference are the investor presentations dated September 15, 2020, for use by
SCH in meetings with certain of its shareholders as well as other persons with respect to SCH's proposed transaction with Opendoor,
as described in this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information in
this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3 and is furnished and shall not be deemed "filed"
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the " Exchange
Act "), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
into the filings of SCH under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information
contained in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, Exhibit 99.2 and Exhibit 99.3. Additional Information and Where to Find
It This Current Report
on Form 8-K relates to a proposed transaction between Opendoor and SCH. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an
offer to sell or exchange, or the solicitation of an offer to buy or exchange, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities
in any jurisdiction in which such offer, sale or exchange would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities
laws of any such jurisdiction. SCH intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the " SEC "), which will include a document that serves as a prospectus
and proxy statement of SCH, referred to as a proxy statement/prospectus. A proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to all SCH shareholders.
SCH also will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. Before making any voting decision, investors
and security holders of SCH are urged to read the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed transaction as they become available because
they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. Investors and security
holders will be able to obtain free copies of the registration statement, the proxy statement/prospectus and all other relevant
documents filed or that will be filed with the SEC by SCH through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. The documents filed
by SCH with the SEC also may be obtained free of charge at SCH's website at http://www.socialcapitalhedosophiaholdings.com/docsb.html
or upon written request to 317 University Ave, Suite 200, Palo Alto, California 94301. Participants in Solicitation SCH and its directors
and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from SCH's shareholders in connection with
the proposed transaction. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests
in the business combination will be contained in the proxy statement/prospectus when available. You may obtain free copies of these
documents as described in the preceding paragraph. Forward-Looking Statements Legend This Current Report
on Form 8-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws with respect to the proposed
transaction between Opendoor and SCH. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "believe,"
 "project," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "strategy,"
 "future," "opportunity," "plan," "may," "should," "will," "would,"
 "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are predictions, projections and other statements about future events that are based on current expectations and assumptions and,
as a result, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual future events to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements in this document, including but not limited to: (i) the risk that the transaction may not be completed
in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect the price of SCH's securities, (ii) the risk that the transaction may
not be completed by SCH's business combination deadline and the potential failure to obtain an extension of the business combination
deadline if sought by SCH, (iii) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the consummation of the transaction, including the adoption
of the Merger Agreement by the shareholders of SCH, the satisfaction of the minimum trust account amount following redemptions
by SCH's public shareholders and the receipt of certain governmental and regulatory approvals, (iv) the lack of a third party valuation
in determining whether or not to pursue the proposed transaction, (v) the inability to complete the PIPE Investment, (vi) the occurrence
of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement, (vii) the effect of
the announcement or pendency of the transaction on Opendoor's business relationships, operating results, and business generally,
(viii) risks that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations of Opendoor, (ix) the outcome of any legal proceedings
that may be instituted against Opendoor or against SCH related to the Merger Agreement or the proposed transaction, (x) the ability
to maintain the listing of SCH's securities on a national securities exchange, (xi) changes in the competitive and regulated industries
in which Opendoor operates, variations in operating performance across competitors, changes in laws and regulations affecting Opendoor's
business and changes in the combined capital structure, (xii) the ability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations
after the completion of the proposed transaction, and identify and realize additional opportunities, and (xiii) the risk of downturns
and a changing regulatory landscape in the highly competitive residential real estate industry. The foregoing list of factors is
not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties described in the "Risk
Factors" section of SCH's registration on Form S-1 (File No. 333-237864), the registration statement on Form S-4 discussed
above and other documents filed by SCH from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
statements, and Opendoor and SCH assume no obligation and do not intend to update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Neither Opendoor nor SCH gives any assurance that either Opendoor
or SCH, or the combined company, will achieve its expectations. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Joint Press Release, dated as of September 15, 2020.
99.2 | Investor Presentation, dated as of September 15, 2020.
99.3 | Introductory Presentation, dated as of September 15, 2020. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Social Capital Hedosophia Holdings Corp. II
Date: September 15, 2020
By: | /s/ Chamath Palihapitiya
Name: | Chamath Palihapitiya
Title: | Chief Executive Officer