10-K 1 fy201510-kdocument.htm 10-K 10-K Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ý | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended October 3, 2015 OR ¨ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 1-05129 Inc . (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) New York | 16-0757636
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) East Aurora, New York | 14052-0018
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (716) 652-2000 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Class A Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value | New York Stock Exchange
Class B Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value | New York Stock Exchange Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ý No ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No ý Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ý No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ý No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ý 1 Table of Contents Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ý Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No ý The aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding and held by non-affiliates (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933) of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on April 4, 2015, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $2,579 million . The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on November 10, 2015 was: Class A 33,321,024 Class B 3,376,045 . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Moog Inc. Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on January 13, 2016 (“2015 Proxy”) are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 2 Inc . FORM 10-K INDEX PART I
Item 1 | Business | 5
Item 1A | Risk Factors | 9
Item 1B | Unresolved Staff Comments | 14
Item 2 | Properties | 14
Item 3 | Legal Proceedings | 14
Item 4 | Mine Safety Disclosures | 14
PART II
Item 5 | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 15
Item 6 | Selected Financial Data | 18
Item 7 | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 19
Item 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 40
Item 8 | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 41
Item 9 | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 82
Item 9A | Controls and Procedures | 82
Item 9B | Other Information | 82
PART III
Item 10 | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 83
Item 11 | Executive Compensation | 83
Item 12 | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 83
Item 13 | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | 83
Item 14 | Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 83
PART IV
Item 15 | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 83 3 Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Information included or incorporated by reference in this report that does not consist of historical facts, including statements accompanied by or containing words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “believes,” “expects,” “expected,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “approximate,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “anticipates,” “presume” and “assume,” are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to several factors, risks and uncertainties, the impact or occurrence of which could cause actual results to differ materially from the expected results described in the forward-looking statements. Certain of these factors, risks and uncertainties are discussed in the sections of this report entitled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” New factors, risks and uncertainties may emerge from time to time that may affect the forward-looking statements made herein. Given these factors, risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as predictive of future results. We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made in this report. 4 Table of Contents PART I The Registrant, Moog Inc., a New York corporation formed in 1951, is referred to in this report as “Moog” or in the nominative “we” or the possessive “our.” Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, all references to years in this report are to fiscal years. Item 1. | Business. Description of the Business. Moog is a worldwide designer, manufacturer and integrator of high performance precision motion and fluid controls and systems for a broad range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets. We have five operating segments: Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls, Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices. Additional information describing the business and comparative segment revenues, operating profits and related financial information for 2015 , 2014 and 2013 are provided in Note 17 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Distribution. Our sales and marketing organization consists of individuals possessing highly specialized technical expertise. This expertise is required in order to effectively evaluate a customer’s precision control requirements and to facilitate communication between the customer and our engineering staff. Our sales staff is the primary contact with customers. Manufacturers’ representatives are used to cover certain domestic aerospace markets. Distributors are used selectively to cover certain industrial and medical markets. Industry and Competitive Conditions. We experience considerable competition in our aerospace and defense and industrial markets. We believe that the principal points of competition in our markets are product quality, reliability, price, design and engineering capabilities, product development, conformity to customer specifications, timeliness of delivery, effectiveness of the distribution organization and quality of support after the sale. We believe we compete effectively on all of these bases. Competitors in our five operating segments include: • | Aircraft Controls: Curtiss-Wright, Liebherr, Nabtesco, Parker Hannifin, UTC (Goodrich, Hamilton Sundstrand) and Woodward. • | Space and Defense Controls: Aeroflex, Airbus, ATA Engineering, BAE, Chess Dynamics, Cohu, Curtiss-Wright, ESW, Flowserve Limitorque, Honeywell, Marotta, RUAG, Lord Corp., Pelco, SABCA, Sargent Aerospace & Defense, SEAKR, Sierra Nevada Corp., Southwest Research Institute, UTC, Vacco, Valcor, Videotec, ValveTech and Woodward. • | Industrial Systems: Bosch Rexroth, Danaher, Baumuller, Siemens, Parker Hannifin, REenergy Electric (Suzhou), MTS Systems Corp., Curtiss Wright (Exlar) and Rexroth Hydradyne. • | Components: Allied Motion Technologies, Ametek, Cobham, Danaher, EBM - PAPST, General Dynamics - GIT, Kearfott, Woodward, Schleifring, Stemmann, and Whippany Actuation Systems. • | Medical Devices: Smiths Medical, Hospira, CME Medical and Covidien. Government Contracts. All U.S. Government contracts are subject to termination by the U.S. Government. In 2015 , sales under U.S. Government contracts represented 31% of total sales and were primarily within our Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls and Components segments. Backlog. Our twelve-month backlog represents confirmed orders we believe will be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. See the discussion in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report. Raw Materials. Materials, supplies and components are purchased from numerous suppliers. We believe the loss of any one supplier, although potentially disruptive in the short-term, would not materially affect our operations in the long-term. Working Capital. See the discussion on operating cycle in Note 1 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Seasonality. Our business is generally not seasonal; however, certain products and systems, such as those in the energy market of our Industrial Systems segment, do experience seasonal variations in sales levels. 5 Table of Contents Patents . We maintain a patent portfolio of issued or pending patents and patent applications worldwide that generally includes the U.S., Europe, China, Japan and India. The portfolio includes patents that relate to electrohydraulic, electromechanical, electronics, hydraulics, components and methods of operation and manufacture as related to motion control and actuation systems. The portfolio also includes patents related to wind turbines, robotics, surveillance/security, vibration control and medical devices. We do not consider any one or more of these patents or patent applications to be material in relation to our business as a whole. The patent portfolio related to certain medical devices is significant to our position in this market as several of these products work exclusively together, and provide us future revenue opportunities. Research Activities. Research and development activity has been, and continues to be, significant for us. Research and development expense was at least $125 million in each of the last three years and represented over 5% of sales in 2015 . Employees. On October 3, 2015 , we employed 10,691 full-time employees. Customers. Our principal customers are Original Equipment Manufacturers, or OEMs, and end users for whom we provide aftermarket support. Aerospace and defense OEM customers collectively represented 51% of 2015 sales. The majority of these sales are to a small number of large companies. Due to the long-term nature of many of the programs, many of our relationships with aerospace and defense OEM customers are based on long-term agreements. Our industrial OEM sales, which represented 33% of 2015 sales, are to a wide range of global customers and are normally based on lead times of 90 days or less. We also provide aftermarket support, consisting of spare and replacement parts and repair and overhaul services, for all of our products. Our major aftermarket customers are the U.S. Government and commercial airlines. In 2015 , aftermarket sales accounted for 16% of total sales. Significant customers in our five operating segments include: • | Aircraft Controls: Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Airbus, Japan Aerospace, United Technologies, Honeywell, Gulfstream, Bombardier, Bell Helicopter, Embraer and the U.S. Government. • | Space and Defense Controls: Lockheed Martin, Aerojet Rocketdyne, Raytheon, Boeing, General Dynamics, Airbus, United Launch Alliance, Alliant Techsystems and Orbital ATK. • | Industrial Systems: CAE, Senvion, General Electric, FlightSafety, Rockwell Automation, Schlumberger, Arburg, Rockwell Collins, Japan Aerospace and Schuler. • | Components: Philips Healthcare, Raytheon, Northrup Grumman, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, MacArtney, Rockwell Collins, Turbo Chef Technologies, General Dynamics, Honeywell and the U.S. Government. • | Medical Devices: Nestle and Nutricia. International Operations. Our operations outside the United States are conducted through wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries and are located predominantly in Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. See Note 17 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report for information regarding sales by geographic area and Exhibit 21 of Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this report for a list of subsidiaries. Our international operations are subject to the usual risks inherent in international trade, including currency fluctuations, local government contracting regulations, local governmental restrictions on foreign investment and repatriation of profits, exchange controls, regulation of the import and distribution of foreign goods, as well as changing economic and social conditions in countries in which our operations are conducted. Environmental Matters. See the discussion in Note 18 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Website Access to Information. Our internet address is www.moog.com. We make our annual reports on Form 10‑K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports, available on the investor relations portion of our website. The reports are free of charge and are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have posted our corporate governance guidelines, Board committee charters and code of ethics to the investor relations portion of our website. This information is available in print to any shareholder upon request. All requests for these documents should be made to Moog’s Manager of Investor Relations by calling 716-687-4225. 6 Table of Contents Executive Officers of the Registrant. Other than Robert J. Oliveri and the changes noted below, the principal occupations of our officers for the past five years have been their employment with us in the same positions they currently hold. Robert J. Oliveri's principal occupation is partner in the law firm of Hodgson Russ LLP. On August 11, 2015, Maureen M. Athoe was named Vice President and President, Space and Defense Group. Previously, she was a Group Vice President, Group General Manager and Site Manager. On August 11, 2015, R. Eric Burghardt was named Vice President and President, Aircraft Group. Previously, he was a Group Vice President and Financial Director. On August 11, 2015, Mark J. Trabert was named Vice President and President, Aircraft Group. Previously, he was a Group Vice President and Deputy General Manager. On September 1, 2012, Patrick J. Roche was named Vice President. Previously, he was a Group Vice President and General Manager of the Moog Ireland operation. On December 1, 2011, John R. Scannell was named Chief Executive Officer. Previously, he was President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. On December 1, 2011, Gary Szakmary was named Vice President. Previously, he was a Corporate Group Vice President. 7 Table of Contents Executive Officers | Age | Year First Elected Officer
John R. Scannell
Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer
Director | 52 | 2006
Richard A. Aubrecht
Vice Chairman of the Board; Vice President - Strategy and Technology;
Director | 71 | 1980
Donald R. Fishback
Director; Vice President; Chief Financial Officer | 59 | 1985
Warren C. Johnson
Vice President | 55 | 2000
Lawrence J. Ball
Vice President | 61 | 2004
Harald E. Seiffer
Vice President | 56 | 2005
Sasidhar Eranki
Vice President | 61 | 2006
Sean Gartland
Vice President | 52 | 2010
Gary A. Szakmary
Vice President | 64 | 2011
Patrick J. Roche
Vice President | 52 | 2012
Maureen M. Athoe
Vice President | 57 | 2015
R. Eric Burghardt
Vice President | 56 | 2015
Mark J. Trabert
Vice President | 56 | 2015
Jennifer Walter
Controller; Principal Accounting Officer | 44 | 2008
Timothy P. Balkin
Treasurer; Assistant Secretary | 56 | 2000
Robert J. Olivieri
Secretary | 65 | 2014 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. | Risk Factors. The markets we serve are cyclical and sensitive to domestic and foreign economic conditions and events, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate. The markets we serve are sensitive to fluctuations in general business cycles as well as domestic and foreign economic conditions and events. For example, our defense programs are largely contingent on U.S. Department of Defense funding. Our space programs rely on the same governmental funding as well as investment for commercial and exploration activities. Demand for our industrial systems' products is dependent upon several factors, including capital investment, product innovations, economic growth, the price of oil and natural gas, cost-reduction efforts and technology upgrades. In addition, the commercial airline industry is cyclical and sensitive to fuel price increases, labor disputes and economic conditions. If these economic conditions deteriorate, our operations could be negatively impacted through declines in our sales, profitability and cash flows due to lower orders, payment delays and price pressures for our products. We operate in highly competitive markets with competitors who may have greater resources than we possess . Many of our products are sold in highly competitive markets. Some of our competitors, especially in our industrial markets and medical markets, are larger, more diversified and have greater financial, marketing, production and research and development resources. As a result, they may be better able to withstand the effects of periodic economic downturns. Our sales and operating margins will be negatively impacted if our competitors: • | develop products that are superior to our products, • | develop products of comparable quality and performance that are more competitively priced than our products, • | develop methods of more efficiently and effectively providing products and services, or • | adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. We believe that the principal points of competition in our markets are product quality, reliability, price, design and engineering capabilities, product development, conformity to customer specifications, timeliness of delivery, effectiveness of the distribution organization and quality of support after the sale. Maintaining or improving our competitive position requires continued investment in manufacturing, engineering, quality standards, marketing, customer service and support and our distribution networks. If we do not maintain sufficient resources to make these investments or are not successful in maintaining our competitive position, our operations and financial performance will suffer. We depend heavily on government contracts that may not be fully funded or may be terminated, and the failure to receive funding or the termination of one or more of these contracts could reduce our sales and increase our costs. Sales to the U.S. Government and its prime contractors and subcontractors represent a significant portion of our business. In 2015 , sales under U.S. Government contracts represented 31% of our total sales, primarily within Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls and Components. Sales to foreign governments represented 7% of our total sales. Funding for government programs can be structured into a series of individual contracts and depend on annual congressional appropriations, which are subject to change. Additionally, the 2011 Budget Control Act reduced the Department of Defense spending (or sequestration) by approximately $500 billion over the next decade. These uniform cuts could have ramifications for the aerospace and defense market. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, provided some near-term opportunities to lessen the effects of sequestration, in exchange for extending the imposition of sequestration to fiscal years 2022 and 2023. However, we expect we will continue to face significant challenges over the next decade as a result of sequestration, as significant uncertainty remains with respect to the overall levels of defense spending. Any reduction in future Department of Defense spending levels could adversely impact our sales, operating profit and our cash flow. We have resources applied to specific government contracts and if any of those contracts are rescheduled or terminated, we may incur substantial costs redeploying those resources. 9 Table of Contents We make estimates in accounting for long-term contracts, and changes in these estimates may have significant impacts on our earnings. We have long-term contracts with some of our customers. These contracts are predominantly within Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls. Revenue representing 33% of 2015 sales was accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. Under this method, we recognize revenue as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Changes in these required estimates could have a material adverse effect on sales and profits. Any adjustments are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. For contracts with anticipated losses at completion, we establish a provision for the entire amount of the estimated remaining loss and charge it against income in the period in which the loss becomes known. Amounts representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or impacts of scope change negotiations are considered in estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is considered probable. Due to the substantial judgments involved with this process, our actual results could differ materially or could be settled unfavorably from our estimates. We enter into fixed-price contracts, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns. In 2015 , fixed-price contracts represented 93% of our sales that were accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. On fixed-price contracts, we agree to perform the scope of work specified in the contract for a predetermined price. Depending on the fixed price negotiated, these contracts may provide us with an opportunity to achieve higher profits based on the relationship between our total contract costs and the contract's fixed price. However, we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our profit or cause us to incur a loss on the contract, which could reduce our net earnings. Loss reserves are most commonly associated with fixed-price contracts that involve the design and development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet the customer's specifications. We may not realize the full amounts reflected in our backlog as revenue, which could adversely affect our future revenue and growth prospects. As of October 3, 2015, our twelve-month backlog was $ 1.3 billion , which represents confirmed orders we believe will be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. There is no assurance that our customers will purchase all the orders represented in our backlog, due in part to the U.S. Government's ability not to exercise contract options or to modify, curtail or terminate major programs. Due to the uncertain nature of our contracts with the U.S. Government, we may never realize revenue from some of the orders that are included in our backlog. If we fail to realize the full amounts included in our backlog, our future revenue and growth prospects may be adversely affected. If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our prime contract performance and our ability to obtain future business could be materially and adversely impacted. We rely on subcontracts with other companies to perform a portion of the service we provide to our customers on many of our contracts. There is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract or our hiring of personnel of a subcontractor. Failure by our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services may materially and adversely impact our ability to perform our obligations as the prime contractor. Subcontractor performance deficiencies could result in a customer terminating our contract for default. A default termination could expose us to liability and substantially impair our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In addition, a delay or failure in our ability to obtain components and equipment parts from our suppliers may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations to our customers. Contracting on government programs is subject to significant regulation, including rules related to bidding, billing and accounting kickbacks and false claims, and any non-compliance could subject us to fines and penalties or possible debarment. Like all government contractors, we are subject to risks associated with this contracting, including substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties. These fines and penalties could be imposed for failing to follow procurement integrity and bidding rules, employing improper billing practices or otherwise failing to follow cost accounting standards, receiving or paying kickbacks or filing false claims. We have been, and expect to continue to be, subjected to audits and investigations by U.S. and foreign government agencies and authorities. The failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts could harm our business reputation. It could also result in our progress payments being withheld or our suspension or debarment from future government contracts. 10 Table of Contents The loss of The Boeing Company as a customer or a significant reduction in sales to The Boeing Company could adversely impact our operating results. We provide The Boeing Company, or Boeing, with controls for both military and commercial applications, which, in total, were 16% of our 2015 sales. Sales to Boeing's commercial airplane group are generally made under a long-term supply agreement through 2021 for the Boeing 787 and through 2019 for other commercial airplanes. The loss of Boeing as a customer or a significant reduction in sales to Boeing could reduce our sales and earnings. Our new product research and development efforts may not be successful which could reduce our sales and earnings. Technologies related to our products have undergone, and in the future may undergo, significant changes. We have incurred, and we expect to continue to incur, expenses associated with research and development activities and the introduction of new products in order to succeed in the future. Our technology has been developed through customer-funded and internally-funded research and development, as well as through business acquisitions. If we fail to predict customers' preferences or fail to provide viable technological solutions, we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the acceptance of new products or product enhancements. Also, the research and development expenses we incur may exceed our cost estimates and new products we develop may not generate sales sufficient to offset our costs. Additionally, our competitors may develop technologies and products that have more competitive advantages than ours and render our technology uncompetitive or obsolete. Our inability to adequately enforce and protect our intellectual property or defend against assertions of infringement could prevent or restrict our ability to compete. In order to maintain a competitive advantage, we rely on internally developed and acquired patents, trademarks and proprietary knowledge and technologies. Our inability to defend against the unauthorized use of these rights and assets could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Litigation may be necessary to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against claims of infringement. This litigation could result in significant costs and divert management's focus away from operations. Our business operations may be adversely affected by information systems interruptions, intrusions or new software implementations. We are dependent on various information technologies throughout our company to administer, store and support multiple business activities. Disruptions or cybersecurity attacks, such as unauthorized access, malicious software and other intrusions, may lead to exposure of proprietary and confidential information as well as potential data corruption. Any intrusion may cause operational stoppages, diminished competitive advantages through reputational damages and increased operational costs. We are initiating a multi-year business information system transformation and standardization project. This endeavor will occupy additional resources, diverting attention from other operational activities, and may cause our information systems to perform unexpectedly. While we expect to invest significant resources throughout the planning and project management process, unanticipated delays could occur. Our indebtedness and restrictive covenants under our credit facilities could limit our operational and financial flexibility. We have incurred significant indebtedness, and may in the future incur additional debt for acquisitions, operations, research and development and capital expenditures. Our ability to make interest and scheduled principal payments and meet restrictive covenants could be adversely impacted by changes in the availability, terms and cost of capital, changes in interest rates or changes in our credit ratings or our outlook. These changes could increase our cost of business, limiting our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, react to market conditions and meet operational and capital needs, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage. Significant changes in discount rates, rates of return on pension assets, mortality tables and other factors could adversely affect our earnings and equity and increase our pension funding requirements. Pension costs and obligations are determined using actual results as well as actuarial valuations that involve several assumptions. The most critical assumptions are the discount rate, the long-term expected return on assets and mortality tables. Other assumptions include salary increases and retirement age. Some of these assumptions, such as the discount rate and return on pension assets, are reflective of economic conditions and largely out of our control. Changes in the pension assumptions could adversely affect our earnings, equity and funding requirements. 11 Table of Contents A write-off of all or part of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our operating results and net worth. Goodwill and other intangible assets are a substantial portion of our assets. At October 3, 2015 , goodwill was $737 million and other intangible assets were $144 million of our total assets of $3.1 billion . Our goodwill and other intangible assets may increase in the future since our growth strategy includes acquisitions. However, we may have to write off all or part of our goodwill or other intangible assets if their value becomes impaired. Although this write-off would be a non-cash charge, it could reduce our earnings and net worth significantly. Among other adverse impacts, this could result in our inability to refinance or renegotiate the terms of our bank indebtedness. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we took a $38 million goodwill impairment charge in our Medical Devices segment. Our sales and earnings may be affected if we cannot identify, acquire or integrate strategic acquisitions, or if we engage in divesting activities. Acquisitions are a key part of our growth strategy. Our historical growth has depended, and our future growth is likely to depend, in part, on our ability to successfully identify, acquire and integrate acquired businesses. We intend to continue to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets throughout the world. Growth by acquisition involves risk that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. We may not know the potential exposure to unanticipated liabilities. Additionally, the expected benefits or synergies might not be fully realized, integrating operations and personnel may be slowed and key employees, suppliers or customers of the acquired business may depart. We may also engage in divesting activities if the business operations do not meet our strategic objectives. Divestitures could adversely affect our profitability and, under certain circumstances, require us to record impairment charges or a loss as a result of a transaction. In pursuing acquisition opportunities, integrating acquired businesses, or divesting business operations, management's time and attention may be diverted from our core business, while consuming resources and incurring expenses for these activities. Our operations in foreign countries expose us to political and currency risks and adverse changes in local legal and regulatory environments. We have significant manufacturing and sales operations in foreign countries. In addition, our domestic operations have sales to foreign customers. In 2015 , 44% of our net sales were to customers outside of the United States. Our financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currencies and by the translation of the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries from local currencies into U.S. dollars. We expect international operations and export sales to continue to contribute to our earnings for the foreseeable future. Both the sales from international operations and export sales are subject in varying degrees to risks inherent in doing business outside of the United States. Such risks include the possibility of unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations, changes in tariff and trade barriers, import or export licensing requirements, and political or economic reprioritization, insurrection, civil disturbance or war. Unforeseen exposure to additional income tax liabilities may affect our operating results. Our distribution of taxable income is subject to domestic and, as a result of our significant manufacturing and sales presence in foreign countries, foreign tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate and earnings may be affected by shifts in our mix of earnings in countries with varying statutory tax rates, changes in reinvested foreign earnings, alterations to tax regulations or interpretations and outcomes of any audits performed on previous tax returns. Government regulations could limit our ability to sell our products outside the United States and otherwise adversely affect our business. In 2015 , approximately 17% of our sales were subject to compliance with the United States export regulations. Our failure to obtain, or fully adhere to the limitations contained in, the requisite licenses, meet registration standards or comply with other government export regulations would hinder our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products outside the United States. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in other countries may adversely affect our competitive position. In order to sell our products in European Union countries, we must satisfy certain technical requirements. If we are unable to comply with those requirements with respect to a significant quantity of our products, our sales in Europe would be restricted. Doing business internationally also subjects us to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including regulations relating to import-export control, technology transfer restrictions, foreign corrupt practices and anti-boycott provisions. From time to time, we may file voluntary disclosure reports with the U.S. Department of State and the Department of Commerce regarding certain violations of U.S. export laws and regulations discovered by us in the course of our business activities, employee training or internal reviews and audits. To date, our voluntary disclosures have not resulted in a fine, penalty, or export privilege denial or restriction that has had a material adverse impact on our financial condition or ability to export. Our failure, or failure by an authorized agent or representative that is attributable to us, to comply with these laws and regulations could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities. In the extreme case, these failures could result in financial penalties, suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on us. 12 Table of Contents Governmental regulations and customer demands related to conflict minerals may adversely impact our operating results. Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, required the Securities and Exchange Commission to establish disclosure requirements for publicly-traded companies whose products contain metals derived from conflict minerals originating from the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and its neighboring countries. The implementation of these requirements could result in additional costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements. As this regulation will likely impact our suppliers, the availability of raw materials used in our operations could be negatively impacted, including an increase in the price of raw materials. In addition, because our global supply chain is complex, we may face commercial challenges if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all metals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we have implemented. We have, and will continue to, work with our suppliers and customers to exclude, to the extent feasible, from our product supply chain the use of conflict minerals originating from the DRC or adjoining countries. The failure or misuse of our products may damage our reputation, necessitate a product recall or result in claims against us that exceed our insurance coverage, thereby requiring us to pay significant damages. Defects in the design and manufacture of our products may necessitate a product recall. We include complex system designs and components in our products that could contain errors or defects, particularly when we incorporate new technology into our products. If any of our products are defective, we could be required to redesign or recall those products, pay substantial damages or warranty claims and face actions by regulatory bodies and government authorities. Such an event could result in significant expenses, disrupt sales, affect our reputation and that of our products and cause us to withdraw from certain markets. We are also exposed to product liability claims. Many of our products are used in applications where their failure or misuse could result in significant property loss and serious personal injury or death. We carry product liability insurance consistent with industry norms. However, these insurance coverages may not be sufficient to fully cover the payment of any potential claim. A product recall or a product liability claim not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Future terror attacks, war, natural disasters or other catastrophic events beyond our control could negatively impact our business. Terror attacks, war or other civil disturbances, natural disasters and other catastrophic events could lead to economic instability and decreased demand for commercial products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. From time to time, terrorist attacks worldwide have caused instability in global financial markets and the aviation industry. In 2015 , 23% of our net sales were in the commercial aircraft market. Also, our facilities are located throughout the world and could be subject to damage from fires, floods, earthquakes or other natural or man-made disasters. Although we carry third party property insurance covering these and other risks, our inability to meet customers' schedules as a result of a catastrophe may result in the loss of customers or significantly increase costs, including penalty claims under customer contracts. Our operations are subject to environmental laws, and complying with those laws may cause us to incur significant costs. Our operations and facilities are subject to numerous stringent environmental laws and regulations. Although we believe that we are in material compliance with these laws and regulations, future changes in these laws, regulations or interpretations of them, or changes in the nature of our operations may require us to make significant capital expenditures to ensure compliance. We have been and are currently involved in environmental remediation activities. The cost of these activities may become significant depending on the discovery of additional environmental exposures at sites that we currently own or operate, at sites that we formerly owned or operated, or at sites to which we have sent hazardous substances or wastes for treatment, recycling or disposal. We are involved in various legal proceedings, the outcome of which may be unfavorable to us. Our business may be adversely impacted by the outcome of legal proceedings and other contingencies that cannot be predicted with certainty. We estimate loss contingencies and establish reserves based on our assessment where liability is deemed probable and reasonably estimable given the facts and circumstances known to us at a particular point in time. Subsequent developments may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingencies recorded as liabilities. 13 Table of Contents Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. | Properties. On October 3, 2015 , we occupied 5,155,000 square feet of space, distributed by segment as follows: Square Feet
Owned | Leased | Total
Aircraft Controls | 1,442,000 | 411,000 | 1,853,000
Space and Defense Controls | 457,000 | 403,000 | 860,000
Industrial Systems | 745,000 | 554,000 | 1,299,000
Components | 669,000 | 261,000 | 930,000
Medical Devices | 98,000 | 93,000 | 191,000
Corporate Headquarters | 20,000 | 2,000 | 22,000
Total | 3,431,000 | 1,724,000 | 5,155,000 We have principal manufacturing facilities in the United States and countries throughout the world in the following locations: • | Aircraft Controls - U.S., Philippines and United Kingdom • | Space and Defense Controls - U.S., United Kingdom, Netherlands, Ireland and Germany. • | Industrial Systems - Germany, Italy, U.S., China, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Philippines, Japan, India, Ireland, Brazil and United Kingdom. • | Components - U.S., United Kingdom and Canada. • | Medical Devices - Costa Rica, U.S. and Lithuania. Our corporate headquarters is located in East Aurora, New York. We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained and are generally in good condition. Operating leases for our properties expire at various times from 2016 through 2036. Upon the expiration of our current leases, we believe that we will be able to either secure renewal terms or enter into leases for alternative locations at market terms. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings. We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings that management believes will result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 14 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. | Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Our two classes of common shares, Class A common stock and Class B common stock, are traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker symbols MOG.A and MOG.B. The following chart sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of the Class A common stock and Class B common stock on the NYSE. Quarterly Stock Prices Class A | Class B
Fiscal Year Ended | High | Low | High | Low
October 3, 2015
1st Quarter | $ | 79.24 | $ | 65.80 | $ | 78.51 | $ | 66.60
2nd Quarter | 77.28 | 68.07 | 76.77 | 69.23
3rd Quarter | 75.69 | 65.72 | 75.26 | 66.11
4th Quarter | 71.55 | 52.33 | 70.11 | 52.74
September 27, 2014
1st Quarter | $ | 69.97 | $ | 56.07 | $ | 69.80 | $ | 56.67
2nd Quarter | 69.45 | 57.11 | 69.44 | 57.61
3rd Quarter | 75.00 | 60.00 | 74.65 | 61.10
4th Quarter | 74.20 | 65.42 | 73.83 | 65.98 The number of shareholders of record of Class A common stock and Class B common stock was 797 and 348 , respectively, as of November 10, 2015. We did not pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock or Class B common stock in 2014 or 2015 and have no current plans to do so. 15 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our purchases of our common stock for the quarter ended October 3, 2015 . Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period | (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2) | (b) Average Price Paid Per Share | (c) Total number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) | (d) Maximum Number (or Approx. Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Plans or Programs (3)
July 5 - July 31, 2015 | 407,566 | $ | 68.69 | 398,592 | 742,423
August 1 - August 31, 2015 | 424,401 | 65.12 | 399,868 | 4,342,555
September 1 - October 3, 2015 | 156,728 | 61.75 | 140,000 | 4,202,555
Total | 988,695 | $ | 66.06 | 938,460 | 4,202,555 (1) | Reflects purchases by the Moog Inc. Stock Employee Compensation Trust Agreement ("SECT") of shares of Class B common stock from the Moog Inc. Retirement Savings Plan ("RSP") as follows: 8,216 shares at $67.43 per share during July; 24,533 shares at $65.98 per share during August; and 16,228 shares at $56.98 per share during September. Purchases by the SECT from members of the Moog family included: 500 shares of Class B common stock at $64.79 per share on September 8, 2015. (2) | In connection with the exercise of equity-based compensation awards, we accept delivery of shares to pay for the exercise price and withhold shares for tax withholding obligations. On July 24, 2015, we accepted delivery of 758 shares at $66.34 per share, in connection with the exercise of equity based awards. (3) | In December 2011, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, which was amended in January 2014. The program permitted the purchase of up to 4,000,000 shares of Class A or Class B common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of management. In August 2014, the Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to 5,000,000 shares of Class A or Class B common stock under identical terms and conditions. In August 2015, the Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to 4,000,000 shares of Class A or Class B common stock at management's discretion. During July, we purchased 398,592 Class A shares at an average price of $68.72 per share. In August, we purchased 399,564 Class A shares at an average price of $65.07 per share and 304 Class B shares at an average price of $65.80 per share. In September, we purchased 140,000 Class A shares at an average price of $62.29 per share. 16 Table of Contents Performance Graph The following graph and tables show the performance of the Company's Class A common stock compared to the NYSE Composite-Total Return Index and the S&P Aerospace & Defense Index for a $ 100 investment made on September 30, 2010, including reinvestment of any dividends. 9/10 | 9/11 | 9/12 | 9/13 | 9/14 | 9/15
Moog Inc. - Class A Common Stock | $ | 100.00 | $ | 91.86 | $ | 106.65 | $ | 165.22 | $ | 192.62 | $ | 152.27
NYSE Composite - Total Return Index | 100.00 | 95.44 | 119.10 | 142.46 | 162.29 | 152.27
S&P Aerospace & Defense Index | 100.00 | 100.84 | 122.91 | 178.27 | 210.69 | 218.60 17 Table of Contents Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. For a more detailed discussion of 2013 through 2015 , refer to Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. (dollars in thousands, except per share data) | 2015(1) | 2014(1) | 2013(2)(3) | 2012(3) | 2011(3)
RESULTS FROM OPERATIONS
Net sales | $ | 2,525,532 | $ | 2,648,385 | $ | 2,610,311 | $ | 2,469,536 | $ | 2,330,680
Net earnings | 131,883 | 158,198 | 120,497 | 152,462 | 136,021
Net earnings per share
Basic | $ | 3.39 | $ | 3.57 | $ | 2.66 | $ | 3.37 | $ | 2.99
Diluted | $ | 3.35 | $ | 3.52 | $ | 2.63 | $ | 3.33 | $ | 2.95
Weighted-average shares outstanding
Basic | 38,945,880 | 44,362,412 | 45,335,336 | 45,246,960 | 45,501,806
Diluted | 39,334,520 | 44,952,437 | 45,823,720 | 45,718,324 | 46,047,422
FINANCIAL POSITION
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 309,853 | $ | 231,292 | $ | 157,090 | $ | 148,841 | $ | 113,679
Working capital | 1,021,990 | 941,260 | 924,145 | 885,032 | 834,056
Total assets | 3,086,471 | 3,208,452 | 3,237,095 | 3,105,907 | 2,842,967
Indebtedness - total | 1,075,184 | 874,036 | 709,157 | 764,622 | 725,447
Shareholders’ equity | 994,532 | 1,347,415 | 1,535,765 | 1,304,790 | 1,191,891
Shareholders’ equity per common share outstanding | $ | 27.09 | $ | 32.51 | $ | 33.86 | $ | 28.80 | $ | 26.38
SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL DATA
Capital expenditures | $ | 80,693 | $ | 78,771 | $ | 93,174 | $ | 107,030 | $ | 83,695
Depreciation and amortization | 103,609 | 109,259 | 108,073 | 100,816 | 96,327
Research and development | 132,271 | 139,462 | 134,652 | 116,403 | 106,385
Twelve-month backlog (4) | 1,273,495 | 1,339,959 | 1,296,371 | 1,279,307 | 1,324,809
RATIOS
Net return on sales | 5.2 | % | 6.0 | % | 4.6 | % | 6.2 | % | 5.8 | %
Return on shareholders’ equity | 11.3 | % | 10.4 | % | 8.6 | % | 12.1 | % | 11.4 | %
Current ratio | 2.7 | 2.3 | 2.3 | 2.3 | 2.5
Net debt to capitalization (5) | 43.5 | % | 32.3 | % | 26.4 | % | 32.1 | % | 33.9 | % (1) | Includes the effects of our share repurchase program. See the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow at Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. (2) | Includes goodwill impairment charge. See Note 6 of the Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. (3) | Includes the effects of acquisitions. In 2013, we acquired two businesses, one in our Space and Defense Controls segment and one in our Components segment. In 2012, we acquired four businesses, two each in our Components and Space and Defense Controls segments. In 2011, we acquired three businesses, two in our Aircraft Controls segment and one in our Components segment. (4) | Twelve-month backlog is defined as confirmed orders we believe will be recognized as revenue within the next twelve months. (5) | Net debt is total debt less cash and cash equivalents. Capitalization is the sum of net debt and shareholders’ equity. 18 Table of Contents Item 7. | Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. OVERVIEW We are a worldwide designer, manufacturer and systems integrator of high performance precision motion and fluid controls and control systems for a broad range of applications in aerospace and defense and industrial markets. Within the aerospace and defense market, our products and systems include: • | Defense market - primary and secondary flight controls for military aircraft, stabilization and automatic ammunition loading controls for armored combat vehicles, tactical and strategic missile steering controls and gun aiming controls. • | Commercial aircraft market - primary and secondary flight controls for commercial aircraft. • | Commercial space market - space satellite positioning controls and thrust vector controls for space launch vehicles. In the industrial market, our products are used in a wide range of applications including: • | Industrial automation market - injection molding, metal forming, heavy industry, material and automotive testing, pilot training simulators and surveillance systems. • | Energy market - oil and gas exploration, wind energy and power generation. • | Medical market - motors used in sleep apnea devices, enteral clinical nutrition and infusion therapy pumps, ultrasonic sensors and surgical handpieces and CT scanners. We operate under five segments, Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls, Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices. Our principal manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, United Kingdom, Philippines, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, China, Costa Rica, Japan, Luxembourg, India, Canada and Ireland. We have long-term contracts with some of our customers. These contracts are predominantly within Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls and represent 33% , 34% and 33% of our sales in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We recognize revenue on these contracts using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting as work progresses toward completion. The remainder of our sales are recognized when the risks and rewards of ownership and title to the product are transferred to the customer, principally as units are delivered or as service obligations are satisfied. This method of revenue recognition is predominantly used within the Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices segments, as well as with aftermarket activity. We concentrate on providing our customers with products designed and manufactured to the highest quality standards. Our products are applied in demanding applications, "When Performance Really Matters ® ." We believe we have achieved a leadership position in the high performance, precision controls market, by capitalizing on our strengths, which include: • | superior technical competence in delivering mission-critical solutions, • | an innovative customer-intimacy approach, • | a diverse base of customers and end markets served by a broad product portfolio, • | well-established international presence serving customers worldwide, and • | a proven ability to successfully undertake investments designed to enhance our control systems product franchise and drive continued growth. These strengths afford us the ability to innovate our current solutions into new, complimentary technologies, providing us the opportunity to expand our product scope supply from one market to another and from component to systems supplier. In addition, we will continue to strive for achieving substantial content positions on the platforms on which we currently participate, seeking to be the dominant supplier in the current niche markets we serve. We also look for innovation in all aspects of our business, employing new technologies to improve productivity and to develop innovative business models. 19 Table of Contents These activities will help us achieve our financial objectives of increasing our revenue base and improving our long term profitability and cash flow from operations while continuously focusing on internal cost improvement initiatives. In doing so, we expect to maintain a balanced, diversified portfolio in terms of markets served, product applications, customer base and geographic presence. Our fundamental strategies to achieve our objectives include: • | maintaining our technological excellence by building upon our systems integration capabilities while solving our customers’ most demanding technical problems in applications "When Performance Really Matters ® ," • | utilizing our global capabilities and strong engineering heritage to innovate, • | continuing to grow our profitable aftermarket business, • | maximizing customer value by implementing lean enterprise principles, and • | investing in talent development to accelerate our leadership capability and employee performance. We focus on improving shareholder value through strategic revenue growth, both acquired and organic, through improving operating efficiencies and manufacturing initiatives and through utilizing low cost manufacturing facilities without compromising quality. Additionally, we take a balanced approach to capital deployment, which may include strategic acquisitions or further share buyback activity in order to maximize shareholder returns over the long-term. We face numerous challenges to improving shareholder value. These include, but are not limited to, adjusting to dynamic global economic conditions that are influenced by governmental, industrial and commercial factors, pricing pressures from customers, strong competition, foreign currency fluctuations and increases in employee benefit costs. Based on periodic strategy reviews, including the financial outlook of our business, we may also engage in restructuring activities, including reducing overhead, consolidating facilities, exiting some product lines and divesting operations. Financial Highlights • | Net sales for fiscal 2015 decreased 5% to $2.5 billion, as weaker foreign currencies contributed 80% of the decline. • | Total operating profit decreased 11% to $246 million. • | Net earnings decreased 17% to $132 million. • | We repurchased 5 million shares of common stock in 2015, lowering our average outstanding shares 13%. • | Diluted earnings per share decreased 5% to $3.35. • | Cash provided by operating activities was a record for the company at $335 million. Acquisitions and Divestitures All of our acquisitions are accounted for under the purchase method and, accordingly, the operating results for the acquired companies are included in the consolidated statements of earnings from the respective dates of acquisition. Under purchase accounting, we record assets and liabilities at fair value and such amounts are reflected in the respective captions on the consolidated balance sheets. The purchase price described for each acquisition below is net of any cash acquired, includes debt issued or assumed and the fair value of contingent consideration. In 2015, we completed one divestiture in our Medical Devices segment. We sold our Rochester, New York and Erie, Pennsylvania life sciences operations for $3 million. We did not complete any acquisitions in 2014 or in 2015. 20 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts reported. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are affected by our application of accounting policies, which are discussed in Note 1 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. We believe the accounting policies discussed below are the most critical in understanding and evaluating our financial results. These critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Revenue Recognition on Long-Term Contracts Revenue representing 33% of 2015 sales was accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. This method of revenue recognition is predominantly used within the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments due to the contractual nature of the business activities, with the exception of their respective aftermarket activities. The contractual arrangements are either firm fixed-price or cost-plus contracts and are with the U.S. Government or its prime subcontractors, foreign governments or commercial aircraft manufacturers, including Boeing and Airbus. The nature of the contractual arrangements includes customers’ requirements for delivery of hardware as well as funded nonrecurring development work in anticipation of follow-on production orders. We recognize revenue on contracts in the current period using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Changes in estimates affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, resulting in the cumulative effect of changes reflected in the period. Estimates are reviewed and updated quarterly for substantially all contracts. A significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. Occasionally, it is appropriate to combine or segment contracts. Contracts are combined in those limited circumstances when they are negotiated as a package in the same economic environment with an overall profit margin objective and constitute, in essence, an agreement to do a single project. In such cases, we recognize revenue and costs over the performance period of the combined contracts as if they were one. Contracts are segmented in limited circumstances if the customer had the right to accept separate elements of the contract and the total amount of the proposals on the separate components approximated the amount of the proposal on the entire project. For segmented contracts, we recognize revenue and costs as if they were separate contracts over the performance periods of the individual elements or phases. Contract costs include only allocable, allowable and reasonable costs which are included in cost of sales when incurred. For applicable U.S. Government contracts, contract costs are determined in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations and the related Cost Accounting Standards. The nature of these costs includes development engineering costs and product manufacturing costs such as direct material, direct labor, other direct costs and indirect overhead costs. Contract profit is recorded as a result of the revenue recognized less costs incurred in any reporting period. Amounts representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or change orders are considered in estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is considered probable. Revenue recognized on contracts for unresolved claims or unapproved contract change orders was not material in 2015 , 2014 or 2013 . Contract Loss Reserves At October 3, 2015 , we had contract loss reserves of $30 million . For contracts with anticipated losses at completion, a provision for the entire amount of the estimated remaining loss is charged against income in the period in which the loss becomes known. Contract losses are determined considering all direct and indirect contract costs, exclusive of any selling, general or administrative cost allocations that are treated as period expenses. Loss reserves are more common on firm fixed-price contracts that involve, to varying degrees, the design and development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet the customers’ specifications. 21 Table of Contents Reserves for Inventory Valuation At October 3, 2015 , we had net inventories of $493 million , or 30% of current assets. Reserves for inventory were $100 million , or 17% of gross inventories. Inventories are stated at the lower-of-cost-or-market with cost determined primarily on the first-in, first-out method of valuation. We record valuation reserves to provide for slow-moving or obsolete inventory by using both a formula-based method that increases the valuation reserve as the inventory ages and, additionally, a specific identification method. We consider overall inventory levels in relation to firm customer backlog in addition to forecasted demand including aftermarket sales. Changes in these and other factors such as low demand and technological obsolescence could cause us to increase our reserves for inventory valuation, which would negatively impact our gross margin. As we record provisions within cost of sales to increase inventory valuation reserves, we establish a new, lower cost basis for the inventory. Reviews for Impairment of Goodwill At October 3, 2015 , we had $737 million of goodwill, or 24% of total assets. We test goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units at least annually, during our fourth quarter, and whenever events occur or circumstances change, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. We also test goodwill for impairment when there is a change in reporting units. We identify our reporting units by assessing whether the components of our operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. Our reporting units are the same as our operating segments. Companies may perform a qualitative assessment as the initial step in the annual goodwill impairment testing process for all or selected reporting units. Companies are also allowed to bypass the qualitative analysis and perform a quantitative analysis if desired. Economic uncertainties and the length of time from the calculation of a baseline fair value are factors that we consider in determining whether to perform a quantitative test. When we evaluate the potential for goodwill impairment using a qualitative assessment, we consider factors including, but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for our products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel and overall financial performance. If, after completing this assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we proceed to a quantitative two-step impairment test. Quantitative testing first requires a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We use the discounted cash flow method to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The discounted cash flow method incorporates various assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, operating margins and cash flows, the terminal growth rate and the discount rate. Management projects revenue growth rates, operating margins and cash flows based on each reporting unit's current business, expected developments and operational strategies over a five-year period. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and any loss must be measured. In measuring the impairment loss, the implied fair value of goodwill is determined by assigning a fair value to all of the reporting unit's assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination at fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 22 Table of Contents Annual test For our annual test of goodwill for impairment in 2015 , we performed quantitative assessments for each of our five reporting units. In performing these assessments, we used a 3% terminal growth rate, which is supported by our historical growth rate, near-term projections and long-term expected market growth. We then discounted our projected cash flows using weighted-average costs of capital that ranged from 10.0% to 11.5% for our various reporting units. These discount rates reflect management’s assumptions of marketplace participants’ cost of capital. Based on our tests, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. Therefore, we concluded that goodwill was not impaired. The fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by at least 25%. While any individual assumption could differ from those that we used, we believe the overall fair values of our reporting units are reasonable as the values are derived from a mix of reasonable assumptions. Had we used discount rates that were 100 basis points higher or a terminal growth rate that was 100 basis points lower than those we assumed, the fair values of each of our reporting units would have continued to exceed their carrying amounts by at least 10%. We evaluate the reasonableness of the resulting fair values of our reporting units by comparing the aggregate fair value to our market capitalization and assessing the reasonableness of any resulting premium. The determination of our assumptions is subjective and requires significant estimates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the results of our reviews for impairment of goodwill. Interim Test During the fourth quarter of 2015, we transferred the management of our sensors and handpieces business from Medical Devices to Components. Accordingly, we performed an interim test on goodwill for impairment for these two reporting units. We determined the fair value of the sensors and handpieces business consistent with our practice for determining fair values in our tests for goodwill impairment, and we moved the fair value of this business from Medical Devices to Components. We also transferred the assets of this business, including the proportionate share of goodwill based on the relative fair value of this business to the Medical Devices reporting unit. We then compared the fair values to the carrying values of the Medical Devices and Components reporting units. The resulting fair values exceeded our carrying values, so we determined that goodwill was not impaired. The fair value of the Components reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by a significant amount. Had we used a discount rate that was 100 basis point higher or a terminal growth rate that was 100 basis points lower than those we assumed, the fair value of this reporting unit would have continued to exceed its carrying amount by a significant amount. The fair value of the Medical Devices reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by 18%. This reporting unit had $62 million of goodwill at October 3, 2015 . Had we used a discount rate that was 100 basis points higher or a terminal growth rate that was 100 basis points lower than those we assumed, the fair value of this reporting unit would have exceeded its carrying amount by 4% and 10%, respectively. The primary factor causing the fair value of this reporting unit to not be substantially greater than the carrying value is that the Medical Devices segment was created through a series of acquisitions between 2006 and 2009. The creation of this reporting unit resulted in recording substantial goodwill, which increased the carrying value. The key assumptions that drive the estimated fair value are the projected revenue and operating margins, which are used to project future cash flows. Our expectation for this reporting unit is for revenue growth over the five year projection period to be driven by the overall market growth of the home healthcare segment of the infusion therapy market and by capturing market share due to new product offerings. Additionally, our expectation is that operating margins improve throughout the five year projection period, driven by improved sales, as well as continued cost containment activities. If cash flows generated by our Medical Devices reporting unit were to decline in the future, or if there were adverse revisions to key assumptions, we may be required to record impairment charges. There are specific circumstances that would pose risk to the fair value of this reporting unit. Lower than projected growth rates of the home healthcare segment of the infusion therapy market, changes in provider capital purchase cycles, changes in healthcare legislation, changes in private insurance plans, as well as changes in treatment therapies may negatively affect the fair value of this reporting unit. Also, our projected market share capture rates may be lower due to delayed or unsuccessful new product offerings, which would negatively affect the fair value of this reporting unit. In addition, the fair value of this reporting unit may be negatively impacted based on the results of our strategic review and the courses of action that we may decide to pursue. 23 Table of Contents Pension Assumptions We maintain various defined benefit pension plans covering employees at certain locations. Pension expense for all defined benefit plans for 2015 was $41 million. Pension obligations and the related costs are determined using actuarial valuations that involve several assumptions. The most critical assumptions are mortality rates, the discount rate and the long-term expected return on assets. Other assumptions include salary increases and retirement age. Mortality rates are used to estimate the life expectancy of plan participants during which they are expected to receive benefit payments. We began using a new table and projection scale to determine our mortality assumption for our U.S. plans as of October 3, 2015 . Our assumption represents a modified version of the mortality table and projection scale published by the Society of Actuaries (SOA), and reflects improvements consistent with the Social Security Administration. We believe the use of this modified table and projection scale best reflects our demographics and anticipated plan outcomes. This change will increase our pension expense by $6 million in 2016 . The discount rate is used to state expected future cash flows at present value. Using a higher discount rate decreases the present value of pension obligations and decreases pension expense. We use the Mercer Pension Above Mean Discount Yield Curve to determine the discount rate for our U.S. defined benefit plans at year end. The discount rate is constructed from bonds included in the Mercer Yield Curve that have a yield higher than the mean yield curve. We believe that the Mercer Pension Above Mean Discount Yield Curve best mirrors the yields of bonds that would be selected by management if actions were taken to settle our obligation. The yield curve calculation matches the notional cash inflows of the hypothetical bond portfolio with the expected benefit payments to arrive at the discount rate. In determining expense for 2015 for our largest U.S. plan, we used a 4.4% discount rate, compared to 5.0% for 2014 . We will use a 4.5% discount rate to determine our expense in 2016 for this plan. This 10 basis point increase in the discount rate will decrease our pension expense by $1 million in 2016 . The long-term expected return on assets assumption reflects the average rate of return expected on funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. In determining the long-term expected return on assets assumption, we consider our current and target asset allocations. We consider the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes and economic and other indicators of future performance. Asset management objectives include maintaining an adequate level of diversification to reduce interest rate and market risk and to provide adequate liquidity to meet immediate and future benefit payment requirements. In determining the 2015 expense for our largest plan, we used an 8.0% return on assets assumption, compared to 8.4% for 2014. A 50 basis point decrease in the long-term expected return on assets assumption would increase our annual pension expense by $3 million. Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances At October 3, 2015 , we had gross deferred tax assets of $281 million and deferred tax asset valuation allowances of $7 million . The deferred tax assets principally relate to benefit accruals, inventory obsolescence, tax benefit carryforwards and contract loss reserves. The deferred tax assets include $9 million related to tax benefit carryforwards associated with net operating losses, for which $6 million of deferred tax asset valuation allowances are recorded. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount of future tax benefit that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider recent earnings projections, allowable tax carryforward periods, tax planning strategies and historical earnings performance to determine the amount of the valuation allowance. Changes in these factors could cause us to adjust our valuation allowance, which would impact our income tax expense when we determine that these factors have changed. 24 Table of Contents CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions except per share data) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales | $ | 2,526 | $ | 2,648 | $ | 2,610 | $ | (123 | ) | (5 | %) | $ | 38 | 1 | %
Gross margin | 29.2 | % | 30.1 | % | 30.0 | %
Research and development expenses | $ | 132 | $ | 139 | $ | 135 | $ | (7 | ) | (5 | %) | $ | 5 | 4 | %
Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales | 14.7 | % | 15.2 | % | 15.2 | %
Interest expense | $ | 29 | $ | 13 | $ | 27 | $ | 16 | 131 | % | $ | (14 | ) | (54 | %)
Restructuring expense | $ | 15 | $ | 13 | $ | 14 | $ | 3 | 20 | % | $ | (1 | ) | (8 | %)
Goodwill Impairment | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 38 | $ | — | n/a | $ | (38 | ) | n/a
Other | $ | 5 | $ | 10 | $ | 8 | $ | (6 | ) | (54 | %) | $ | 2 | 25 | %
Effective tax rate | 28.3 | % | 27.7 | % | 27.0 | %
Net earnings | $ | 132 | $ | 158 | $ | 120 | $ | (26 | ) | (17 | %) | $ | 38 | 31 | %
Diluted earnings per share | $ | 3.35 | $ | 3.52 | $ | 2.63 | $ | (0.17 | ) | (5 | %) | $ | 0.89 | 34 | % Net sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 as all of our segments' sales declined with the exception of Medical Devices. Weaker foreign currencies, in particular the Euro and the British Pound relative to the U.S. dollar, contributed 80% of the sales decline in 2015. Net sales increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to growth in Aircraft Controls and Components. Sales declined in Medical Devices, Space and Defense Controls and Industrial Systems. Acquisitions in Components and Space and Defense Controls contributed 56% of the sales growth, while changes in foreign currency exchange rates contributed 44% of the sales growth. Gross margin declined in 2015 compared to 2014 due to an adverse sales mix. We were negatively impacted by lower amounts of military OEM and aftermarket sales and commercial aftermarket sales in Aircraft Controls, as well as lower amounts of energy sales in Industrial Systems and in Components. The decline was partly offset by the benefits of $14 million of lower amounts of additions to contract loss reserves in Aircraft Controls and $11 million of benefits realized from the 2014 restructuring activities. Gross margin was flat in 2014 compared to 2013. Unfavorable sales mix, primarily in Aircraft Controls, was offset by lower pension expense as well as benefits realized from the 2013 restructuring activities. Our pension expense in 2014 decreased $12 million, driven by the increase in the discount rate for our U.S. plan, rising to 5.00% from 3.75%. Research and development expenses decreased in 2015 compared to 2014. Within Aircraft Controls, research and development expenses decreased $7 million as we had lower activity on the Airbus A350 program, but was partly offset by higher amounts of Embraer E-Jets activity. Research and development expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013. Within Aircraft Controls, research and development expenses increased $11 million as the ramp up of activities on the Embraer E-Jets program was partially offset by decreasing development activity on the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 programs. Within Industrial Systems, research and development expenses decreased $6 million. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014. Most of the decline is due to an on-going focus on expense reduction. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales for 2014 were comparable to 2013's percentage of sales as benefits from earlier restructuring activities were offset by start up activities on a new ERP system. Interest expense increased in 2015 compared to 2014. Higher cost debt following the issuance of our $300 million 5.25 % senior notes in November 2014 increased our interest expense by $8 million. Also, higher levels of debt due to funding our share repurchase program increased our interest expense by $5 million. Interest expense decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, with $11 million of the decrease due to the redemption of our senior subordinated notes. On December 19, 2013, we repurchased our 7.25% senior subordinated notes due on January 15, 2018. In doing so, we incurred a 3.625% call premium in the first quarter of 2014. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, we incurred restructuring expenses in response to business conditions. In 2013, we incurred $14 million of restructuring expenses primarily in Industrial Systems and Space and Defense Controls. Through 2014, the total savings were $23 million, or 98% of our projected benefits, split evenly between cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. In 2014, we incurred $13 million of restructuring expenses primarily in Aircraft 25 Table of Contents Controls and Space and Defense Controls. Through 2015, the total savings were $14 million, or 91% of our projected benefits, and were primarily in cost of sales. In 2015, we incurred $15 million of restructuring expenses, primarily in Industrial Systems, Space and Defense Controls and Aircraft Controls. We expect these activities to result in $21 million of cost savings in 2016. In 2013, we took a $38 million goodwill impairment charge in our Medical Devices segment. The impairment charge net of tax was $24 million, or $0.52 per share. Other expense in 2015 includes a $2 million asset impairment write-down in Industrial Systems and a $1 million loss on the sales of two small operations in our Medical Devices segment. Other expense in 2014 includes payment of a $7 million call premium on the early redemption of our 7.25% senior subordinated notes and a $5 million write-down of a technology investment in Industrial Systems. Other expense in 2013 is primarily related to a $7 million loss in our Medical Devices segment on the sale of the Buffalo, New York Ethox Medical operations. The effective tax rate in 2015 was higher than the effective tax rate in 2014 due primarily to lower earnings in favorable tax jurisdictions, especially in the U.K. Partially offsetting the negative impact was lower domestic earnings, which carry a higher tax rate. The effective tax rate in 2014 was higher than in 2013 due primarily to the absence of benefits from 2013. In 2013, we benefited from a catchup adjustment for research and development tax credits mostly associated with 2012 following the enactment of legislation in 2013. Due to the goodwill impairment charge in 2013, we also had a lower effective tax rate in 2014. Average common shares outstanding decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to our share buyback program. Since the Board of Directors amended the program in January 2014, we have repurchased nine million shares. There are four million additional shares available under this program as of year end. Other comprehensive loss increased in 2015 compared to 2014. Foreign currency translation adjustments decreased other comprehensive income $51 million compared to 2014. Comparing 2015 to 2014, the British Pound had a negative impact of $20 million, the Euro had a negative impact of $15 million and the Canadian dollar had a negative impact of $7 million. Other comprehensive income decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. The retirement liability adjustment decreased other comprehensive income by $148 million due primarily to a 60 basis point decrease on the discount rates applicable to our U.S. plan. Also, foreign currency translation adjustments, driven by the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar, decreased other comprehensive income $38 million compared to 2013. 2016 Outlook – We expect sales in 2016 to increase 2% to $2.6 billion. We expect that Aircraft Controls will drive the sales growth, due mostly to the ramp up of the Airbus A350 program. We expect slight sales increases in Space and Defense Controls, Medical Devices and Industrial Systems, and a small decrease in Components' sales. We expect operating margin to increase to 10.7%. The benefits of our 2015 cost containment strategies will drive the margin expansion, offsetting margin pressure from unfavorable sales mixes in Aircraft Controls and Components. We expect net earnings will increase 12% to $148 million. Average diluted shares outstanding will decrease 6% to 37 million due to shares already repurchased under our current share buyback program. We expect diluted earnings per share will increase 19% to $4.00. The difference between projected diluted earnings per share growth and projected net earnings growth is the anticipated result of shares already repurchased under our current share buyback program. 26 Table of Contents SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK During 2015, we made a change to our segment reporting. Components now includes the sensor and handpieces product line, which we previously included in the Medical Devices segment. This product line consists of manufactured ultrasonic and optical sensors as well as surgical handpieces distributed to medical OEMs. Since the customer base is different from the sale of medical pumps directly to end users, the chief operating decision maker is now reviewing performance and assessing the allocation of resources of this product line as part of the Components segment. Sales of sensors and handpieces were $25 million in 2015 and 2014 and $23 million in 2013. All amounts have been restated to present sensors and handpieces within Components. Operating profit, as presented below, is net sales less cost of sales and other operating expenses, excluding interest expense, equity-based compensation expense and other corporate expenses. Cost of sales and other operating expenses are directly identifiable to the respective segment or allocated on the basis of sales, manpower or profit. Operating profit is reconciled to earnings before income taxes in Note 17 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Aircraft Controls 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales - military aircraft | $ | 546 | $ | 572 | $ | 596 | $ | (26 | ) | (4 | %) | $ | (24 | ) | (4 | %)
Net sales - commercial aircraft | 540 | 546 | 463 | (6 | ) | (1 | %) | 82 | 18 | %
$ | 1,087 | $ | 1,118 | $ | 1,060 | $ | (31 | ) | (3 | %) | $ | 58 | 5 | %
Operating profit | $ | 100 | $ | 116 | $ | 127 | $ | (16 | ) | (14 | %) | $ | (11 | ) | (9 | %)
Operating margin | 9.2 | % | 10.4 | % | 12.0 | %
Backlog | $ | 678 | $ | 715 | $ | 671 | $ | (36 | ) | (5 | %) | $ | 43 | 6 | % Aircraft Controls' net sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 in both our military and commercial markets. In 2014, Aircraft Controls' net sales increased in our commercial market but decreased in our military market compared to 2013. Military aftermarket sales declined $13 million in 2015 compared to 2014 due to lower spares sales across multiple programs. Also, military OEM sales declined $12 million, due to lower amounts of development work on the KC-46 Tanker program and lower foreign military sales. Sales in commercial aftermarket decreased $12 million due to declining sales for initial provisioning spares for the Boeing 787 program. Slightly offsetting these declines was an increase of $14 million of sales to Airbus due to the ramp up of the new A350 program. Commercial OEM sales in 2014 increased compared to 2013 due to Boeing and Airbus program ramp ups and volume increases. Sales to Boeing increased $48 million as production continued to ramp up on the Boeing 787 and volume increased on legacy Boeing production programs. Also, sales to Airbus increased $14 million due to the production growth on the A350 program. In addition, commercial aftermarket increased $18 million due to higher initial provisioning sales for the Boeing 787. Partially offsetting the commercial growth was a decline in military sales. Helicopters declined $16 million due mostly to lower deliveries on the V-22. Also, military aftermarket sales declined $8 million due in part to lower foreign military F-15 sales. Operating margin in 2015 and 2014 was affected by restructuring activities. In 2014, we incurred $5 million of restructuring expenses. We expected to receive $7 million in future cost savings in 2015, of which we realized 85%. In 2015, we incurred $3 million of restructuring expenses, and we expect these activities to result in $5 million of cost savings in 2016. Operating margin for 2015 declined as compared to 2014, due to an adverse sales mix due to lower amounts of military and commercial aftermarket sales and to lower amounts of military OEM sales. Partly offsetting the margin decline was $14 million of lower additions to contract loss reserves in 2015 compared to 2014. Also, research and development expenses declined $7 million due, in part, to lower activity on the Airbus A350 program. Slightly offsetting the lower Airbus spend was higher research and development expenses associated with the ramp up of the Embraer E-Jets program. The operating profit in 2015 also benefited from restructuring benefits realized from 2014 restructuring activities. 27 Table of Contents Operating margin for 2014 declined as compared to 2013. Research and development costs increased $11 million. We had development costs associated with the ramp up of the Embraer E-Jets program, but those costs were partially offset by decreasing development activity on the Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 programs. Additionally, we incurred $4 million in higher restructuring expenses than in 2013. Partly offsetting the operating margin declines was $7 million of lower pension expense, driven by the increase in the discount rate. The decrease of twelve-month backlog for Aircraft Controls at October 3, 2015 compared to September 27, 2014 is in part due to the timing of commercial orders as well as work completed on military programs. The higher level of twelve-month backlog for Aircraft Controls at September 27, 2014 compared to September 28, 2013 is largely related to increases in commercial orders. 2016 Outlook for Aircraft Controls – We expect sales in Aircraft Controls to increase 4% to $1.13 billion in 2016. Commercial aircraft sales are expected to increase 9%, due primarily to the sales increase on the Airbus A350 program. We expect that commercial aftermarket sales will continue to decline due to the lower levels of Boeing 787 initial provisioning sales. We expect military sales to decline 1% in 2016, as higher F-35 production sales are offset by lower V-22 and military aftermarket sales. We expect our operating margin will increase slightly to 9.5% in 2016. We expect the benefits of our restructuring actions in 2015 will improve operating margin. However, we expect margin pressures due to an unfavorable sales mix associated with lower amounts of military and commercial aftermarket sales. Additionally, our research and development costs will remain elevated due to the continued spend on the A350 and the Embraer E-2 programs. 28 Table of Contents Space and Defense Controls 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales | $ | 381 | $ | 395 | $ | 396 | $ | (13 | ) | (3 | %) | $ | (1 | ) | — | %
Operating profit | $ | 33 | $ | 26 | $ | 25 | $ | 7 | 27 | % | $ | 1 | 3 | %
Operating margin | 8.7 | % | 6.6 | % | 6.4 | %
Backlog | $ | 250 | $ | 254 | $ | 254 | $ | (4 | ) | (2 | %) | $ | — | — | % Space and Defense Controls' net sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 a s sales declines in our space market were partially offset by sales growth in our defense market. Space and Defense Controls' net sales in 2014 are comparable to sales in 2013. Sales in our space market decreased $26 million in 2015 compared to 2014 due to satellite and launch vehicle programs winding down. Partly offsetting the sales decline was $13 million of sales growth in our defense market. Within defense, sales increased $29 million as production rates increased on defense controls, missile systems and naval systems programs. However, these increases within our defense market were offset by $15 million of lower security sales due to lower sales volume. Segment sales in 2014 were comparable to 2013. Sales for missile defense systems and security products increased $14 million due to higher production rates and higher product demand. Offsetting these increases was a $13 million decline in our defense controls business due to a program's prior year's sales not repeating. Sales in our space market in 2014 declined $2 million. Within our space market, sales of satellite components and engines programs declined $3 million due mostly to activity slowdowns and program delays. Activity on NASA's Soft Capture System increased sales by $12 million, but was offset by other program completions. Operating margin in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was affected by restructuring activities. In 2013, we incurred $5 million of restructuring expenses. We expected to receive $9 million in future cost savings in 2014, of which we realized 99%. In 2014, we also incurred $5 million of restructuring expenses. We expected to receive $9 million in future cost savings in 2015, of which we realized 95%. In 2015, we incurred $6 million of restructuring expenses, and we expect these activities to result in $5 million of cost savings in 2016. More than half of the total restructuring expense in 2015 relates to the termination of a selling and marketing contractual relationship, and will not carry the same ratio of benefits as our previous restructuring activities. Operating margin increased in 2015 compared to 2014. Operating profit increased due to the benefits realized from our 2014 and 2015 restructuring activities. We also benefited from an improved sales mix as well as cost containment activities. Partly offsetting these increases is an $8 million accounting correction recorded in the second quarter of 2015. Operating margin in 2014 was comparable to operating margin in 2013. The 2014 operating profit benefited from our 2013 restructuring activities. Additionally, we benefited from a $2 million settlement related to an acquisition. These improvements were mostly offset by a lower level of profitable spares sales for defense controls. The lower level of twelve-month backlog for Space and Defense Controls at October 3, 2015 compared to September 27, 2014 is due to declines in our security and defense controls markets, partly offset by increases in our satellites programs. The level of twelve-month backlog at September 27, 2014 is comparable to the level at September 28, 2013 as increases in our defense market were offset by declines in our space market. 2016 Outlook for Space and Defense Controls – We expect sales in Space and Defense Controls to increase slightly to $386 million in 2016. We expect sales increases in our defense market to be driven by increased production volumes for missile systems and improved domestic and foreign military vehicle sales. Offsetting this growth is an expected decline in our space market as production programs continue to wind down. We expect our operating margin will increase to 11.5% in 2016 from 8.7% in 2015 as the 2015 accounting correction does not repeat and as we benefit from our 2015 restructuring actions. 29 Table of Contents Industrial Systems 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales | $ | 522 | $ | 591 | $ | 592 | $ | (69 | ) | (12 | %) | $ | (1 | ) | — | %
Operating profit | $ | 45 | $ | 58 | $ | 42 | $ | (13 | ) | (23 | %) | $ | 16 | 38 | %
Operating margin | 8.6 | % | 9.8 | % | 7.1 | %
Backlog | $ | 178 | $ | 182 | $ | 187 | $ | (5 | ) | (3 | %) | $ | (5 | ) | (2 | %) Industrial Systems' net sales decreased across our major markets in 2015 compared to 2014. Weaker foreign currencies, in particular the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar, contri buted $60 million of the sales decline. Industrial Systems' net sales were flat in 2014 compared to 2013. Sales in our industrial automation and energy markets improved but were offset by declines in our simulation and test market. Sales in our energy market decreased $31 million in 2015 compared to 2014. Unfavorable foreign currency translation contributed approximately half of the decline. Additionally, sales of our non-renewable energy products contributed the other half of the decline due to the unfavorable macro-economic conditions related, in part, to the significant decline in the price of crude oil. Within our industrial automation market, sales decreased $27 million. Unfavorable foreign currency translation contributed $33 million to the decline, but was partly offset by sales increases in our aftermarket services. Sales within our simulation and test market decreased $11 million. Unfavorable foreign currency translation contributed approximately 80% of the decline. Within our industrial automation market, sales increased $14 million in 2014 compared to 2013 due to improvements from our European businesses in metal forming and presses, distribution and aftermarket. Additionally, sales in our energy market increased $4 million due to a new wind application in Brazil. Offsetting the growth was a $19 million decline in our simulation and test market, resulting from lower orders from our larger flight training simulation customers. Operating margin decreased in 2015 compared to 2014. Our operating profit was negatively impacted by the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, lower sales volumes and margin pressures in the energy business. Additionally in 2015, we incurred an additional $4 million of restructuring expense, and we expect these activities will result in $8 million of cost savings in 2016. Partly offsetting the declines was $6 million of lower write downs in 2015. Operating margin increased in 2014 compared to 2013. Operating profit improved as we realized the $14 million of expected benefits associated with the 2013 restructuring activities. Additionally in 2014, we benefited from $7 million less in restructuring expenses, additional cost containment activities, lower material costs and lower levels of research and development expenses. However, the operating margin in 2014 was negatively impacted by an incremental $3 million of technology investment write-downs and by a $3 million charge related to a quality issue on a customer application. The lower level of twelve-month backlog in Industrial Systems at October 3, 2015 compared to September 27, 2014 is primarily due the impact of foreign currency translation, but was partly offset by higher levels of industrial automation orders. The lower level of twelve-month backlog in Industrial Systems at September 27, 2014 compared to September 28, 2013 is primarily due to timing of orders in our energy market. 2016 Outlook for Industrial Systems – We expect sales in Industrial Systems to increase slightly to $525 million in 2016, as general economic conditions do not indicate any meaningful changes in 2016. We expect our operating margin will increase to 10.7% in 2016 from 8.6% in 2015, as we will benefit from both our restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of 2015 and our cost containment actions. 30 Table of Contents Components 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales | $ | 437 | $ | 450 | $ | 439 | $ | (12 | ) | (3 | %) | $ | 11 | 3 | %
Operating profit | $ | 59 | $ | 73 | $ | 74 | $ | (14 | ) | (19 | %) | $ | (2 | ) | (2 | %)
Operating margin | 13.4 | % | 16.2 | % | 17.0 | %
Backlog | $ | 158 | $ | 183 | $ | 181 | $ | (25 | ) | (14 | %) | $ | 3 | 1 | % Components' net sales decreased in 2015 compared to 2014. Sales decreased in marine energy within our non-aerospace and defense market. Components' net sales increased in 2014 compared to 2013. Sales increased in our non-aerospace and defense market due largely to an acquisition. Sales in our non-aerospace and defense market decreased $17 million in 2015 compared to 2014. Our marine energy sales declined $22 million, due to the macro-economic conditions centered around the significant decline in the price of crude oil and the resulting lower demand for our products. Slightly offsetting the decline was a sales increase of $6 million in our industrial market in 2015, driven by a strong demand in the U.S. industrial market. Sales in our aerospace and defense market increased $4 million in 2015 compared to 2014 due to higher levels of defense controls and naval product sales. Sales in our non-aerospace and defense market increased $18 million in 2014 compared to 2013. Incremental sales from the Aspen Motion Technologies acquisition provided $17 million of this sales growth. Energy sales increased $3 million in our marine market due to a large offshore exploration application sale. Sales in our aerospace and defense market decreased $8 million. The decline in sales was largely driven by lower defense spending across various aircraft and space and defense programs. Operating margin declined in 2015 compared to 2014. The decrease is primarily due to lower demand for our marine energy products resulting from the significant decline in the price of crude oil. Additionally, cost overruns on some military programs negatively impacted operating margin. Operating margin declined in 2014 compared to 2013. Our operating margin in 2013 included a $2 million benefit associated with an unachieved earn out provision related to an acquisition. Also in 2014, start up activities on a new ERP system reduced operating profit by $2 million. The twelve-month backlog at October 3, 2015 declined compared to the level at September 27, 2014 due to reduced orders for our marine energy products, as well as timing of defense orders. The level of twelve-month backlog at September 27, 2014 is comparable to the level at September 28, 2013. 2016 Outlook for Components – We expect sales to decrease 3% to $425 million in 2016 due to continued declines in our energy market. We also expect that sales in our medical market will decline due to lower demand from a key customer. Partially offsetting these declines is expected growth in our space and defense market, driven by improved foreign military vehicle program sales. We expect our operating margin will decrease to 13.2% in 2016 from 13.4% in 2015. We will continue to be negatively impacted by the low price of crude oil, but that margin pressure will be partially offset by incremental margins from higher defense sales. 31 Table of Contents Medical Devices 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net sales | $ | 99 | $ | 95 | $ | 124 | $ | 3 | 3 | % | $ | (29 | ) | (23 | %)
Operating profit (loss) | $ | 9 | $ | 3 | $ | (41 | ) | $ | 6 | 186 | % | $ | 44 | (107 | %)
Operating margin | 8.7 | % | 3.1 | % | (33.2 | %)
Backlog | $ | 10 | $ | 5 | $ | 3 | $ | 5 | 93 | % | $ | 2 | 70 | % Medical Devices' net sales increased in 2015 compared to 2014, with sales growth in both our IV and enteral products offsetting declines in our other product category. Medical Devices' net sales decreased in 2014 when compared to 2013 with declines in all of our major product categories. Sales for IV products increased $5 million in 2015 compared to 2014 due to higher pumps and sets sales as we continued to replace competitors' older products in the U.S. home healthcare market. Partly offsetting the sales growth was a decline of $4 million in 2015 due to lost sales associated with the sale of two small operations. Sales declined in enteral products in 2014 compared to 2013, due to $19 million of lower sales to a distributor partner. Additionally, in June 2013, we divested an operation, which contributed $9 million of lost sales in 2014. Operating margin in 2015 increased compared to 2014 due to higher sales volumes, a more favorable sales mix and lower operational costs. The operating margin in 2015 also included a $1 million loss on the sale of two small operations. Operating margin in 2014 increased when compared to 2013 due to the absence of two charges. Operating margin in 2013 included a $38 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge and a $7 million loss on the sale of an operation. Excluding these charges, operating margin was 3.0% in 2013. Twelve-month backlog for Medical Devices is not as substantial relative to sales as compared to our other segments, reflecting the shorter order-to-shipment cycle for this line of business. 2016 Outlook for Medical Devices – We expect sales to increase slightly to $102 million in 2016. We expect that sales will increase due to improved enteral pumps and sets sales, as well as higher IV sets sales due to a higher installed base. However, this growth will be offset by a reduction related to the operations we sold in 2015. We expect our operating margin will increase to 11.4% in 2016 from 8.7% in 2015 as we continue to benefit from an improved cost structure and incremental margin contribution from higher sales volumes. 32 Table of Contents FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 2015 vs. 2014 | 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions) | 2015 | 2014 | 2013 | $ Variance | % Variance | $ Variance | % Variance
Net cash provided (used) by:
Operating activities | $ | 335 | $ | 287 | $ | 251 | $ | 47 | 17 | % | $ | 36 | 14 | %
Investing activities | (68 | ) | (87 | ) | (173 | ) | 19 | (22 | %) | 87 | (50 | %)
Financing activities | (166 | ) | (118 | ) | (72 | ) | (48 | ) | 40 | % | (46 | ) | 64 | % Our available borrowing capacity and our cash flow from operations provide us with the financial resources needed to run our operations, reinvest in our business and make strategic acquisitions. At October 3, 2015 , our cash balance was $310 million, which is primarily held outside of the U.S. Cash flow from our U.S. operations, together with borrowings on our credit facility, fund on-going activities, debt service requirements and future growth investments. We reinvest the cash generated from foreign operations locally and such international balances are not available to pay down debt in the U.S. unless we decide to repatriate such amounts. If we determined repatriation of foreign funds was necessary, we would then be required to pay U.S. income taxes on those funds. Operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2015 compared to 2014. We improved by $37 million due to the favorable timing on collections of receivables, primarily in our Space and Defense Controls, Components and Aircraft Controls segments, and improved by $29 million due to lower pension funding levels. Additionally, we benefited by $24 million due to favorable timing of customer advances, primarily in Aircraft Controls. The change in the cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by $34 million of lower earnings and non-cash charges. Net cash provided by operating activities increased in 2014 compared to 2013. We benefited by $82 million due to favorable timing on collections of receivables, primarily in our Aircraft Controls, Medical Devices and Space and Defense Controls segments. We also benefited $31 million due to lower levels of inventory, primarily in our Aircraft Controls segment. The change in the cash provided by operating activities was negatively impacted by higher levels of pension contributions, and by $28 million due to the unfavorable timing of payments in our Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments. Investing activities Net cash used by investing activities in 2015 included $81 million for capital expenditures. In 2015, investment activities provided $7 million of cash as we liquidated retirement plan investments in order to purchase our stock, and $3 million of proceeds from the sale of two medical operations. We expect our 2016 capital expenditures to be approximately $90 million, as we support the increased production of commercial aircraft. Net cash used by investing activities in 2014 includes $79 million for capital expenditures and $9 million used to redeem our 7.25% senior subordinated notes that were invested in our supplemental retirement plan. Net cash used by investing activities for 2013 includes $93 million for capital expenditures, $69 million for two acquisitions, one in Space and Defense Controls and one in Components, $13 million used to redeem our 6.25% senior subordinated notes that were invested in our supplemental retirement plan and a $6 million loan to another company for strategic technology development. In 2013, cash provided by investing activities includes $5 million from the sale of an operation in Medical Devices and $3 million of proceeds from a liquidation of a technology investment. Financing activities Financing activities in 2015 included $344 million to fund our stock repurchase program. Additionally, cash used by financing activities in 2015 included the net proceeds of issuing our $300 million aggregate principal 5.25% senior notes, which were used to repay our U.S. revolving credit facility borrowings. 33 Table of Contents The cash used by financing activities for 2014 includes $266 million to fund our stock repurchase program and $7 million for the call premium on our 7.25% senior subordinated notes. We also used credit facility borrowings to fund the redemption of our 7.25% senior subordinated notes. Net cash used by financing activities in 2013 primarily reflects pay downs on our U.S. revolving credit facility due to our strong cash flow. 34 Table of Contents CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND RESOURCES We maintain bank credit facilities to fund our short and long-term capital requirements, including for acquisitions. From time to time, we also sell debt and equity securities to fund acquisitions or take advantage of favorable market conditions. On November 21, 2014 , we completed the sale of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due December 1, 2022 at par with interest paid semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, which commenced on June 1, 2015 . The senior notes are unsecured obligations, guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries and contain normal incurrence-based covenants and limitations such as the ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, make other restricted payments and investments, create liens and certain corporate acts such as mergers and consolidations. The aggregate net proceeds of $294 million were used to repay indebtedness under our U.S. bank credit facility, thereby increasing the unused portion of our U.S. revolving credit facility. On May 22, 2014 , we amended our U.S. revolving credit facility. The amendment increased the capacity on our revolving credit facility from $900 million to $1,100 million and extended the maturity of the credit facility to May 22, 2019 . The amendment also provides an expansion option, which permits us to request an increase of up to $200 million to the credit facility upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The U.S. revolving credit facility had an outstanding balance of $675 million at October 3, 2015 . Interest on the outstanding credit facility borrowings is based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin, which was 163 basis points at October 3, 2015 . The credit facility is secured by substantially all of our U.S. assets. The U.S. revolving credit facility contains various covenants. The covenant for minimum interest coverage ratio, defined as the ratio of EBITDA to interest expense for the most recent four quarters, is 3.0. The covenant for the maximum leverage ratio, defined as the ratio of net debt, including letters of credit, to EBITDA for the most recent four quarters, is 3.5. The covenant for maximum capital expenditures is $175 million for 2015 and increases by $10 million each year thereafter. We are in compliance with all covenants. EBITDA is defined in the loan agreement as (i) the sum of net income, interest expense, income taxes, depreciation expense, amortization expense, other non-cash items reducing consolidated net income and non-cash equity-based compensation expenses minus (ii) other non-cash items increasing consolidated net income. We are generally not required to obtain the consent of lenders of the U.S. revolving credit facility before raising significant additional debt financing; however, certain limitations and conditions may apply that would require consent to be obtained. In recent years, we have demonstrated our ability to secure consents to access debt markets. We have also been successful in accessing equity markets from time to time. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing as needed. At October 3, 2015 , we had $420 million of unused capacity, including $408 million from the U.S. revolving credit facility after considering standby letters of credit. Our ability to utilize the unused borrowing capacity is limited by the leverage ratio covenant, which would restrict borrowings to an additional $359 million as October 3, 2015 . We have a trade receivables securitization facility (the "Securitization Program"), which terminates on February 10, 2017 . Under the Securitization Program, we sell certain trade receivables and related rights to an affiliate, which in turn sells an undivided variable percentage ownership interest in the trade receivables to a financial institution, while maintaining a subordinated interest in a portion of the pool of trade receivables. The Securitization Program effectively increases our borrowing capacity by up to $100 million and lowers our cost to borrow funds as compared to the U.S. revolving credit facility. We had an outstanding balance of $100 million at October 3, 2015 . The Securitization Program has a minimum borrowing requirement, which was $80 million at October 3, 2015 . Interest on the secured borrowings under the Securitization Program was 94 basis points at October 3, 2015 and is based on 30-day LIBOR plus an applicable margin. On December 19, 2013 , we repurchased our 7.25% senior subordinated notes due on January 15, 2018 at 103.625% , pursuant to an early redemption right. We redeemed the aggregate principal amount of $200 million using proceeds drawn from our U.S. revolving credit facility. Net debt to capitalization was 44% at October 3, 2015 and 32% at September 27, 2014 . The increase in net debt to capitalization is primarily due to our share repurchase program. We believe that our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available borrowings under short and long-term arrangements will continue to be sufficient to meet our operating needs. 35 Table of Contents The Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program beginning in January 2014 that includes both Class A and Class B common shares, and allows us to buy up to an aggregate 13.0 million common shares. Under this program, we have purchased approximately 8.8 million shares for $611 million as of October 3, 2015 . Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any material off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments Our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments at October 3, 2015 are as follows: (dollars in millions) | Payments due by period
Contractual Obligations | Total | 2016 | 2017- 2018 | 2019- 2020 | After 2020
Long-term debt | $ | 1,075 | $ | — | $ | 100 | $ | 675 | $ | 300
Interest on long-term debt | 96 | 16 | 32 | 31 | 17
Operating leases | 127 | 21 | 35 | 24 | 46
Purchase obligations | 605 | 483 | 112 | 1 | 9
Total contractual obligations | $ | 1,903 | $ | 520 | $ | 279 | $ | 731 | $ | 372 In addition to the obligations in the table above, we have $2 million recorded for unrecognized tax benefits in current liabilities, which includes $1 million of related accrued interest. We are unable to determine if and when any of those amounts will be settled, nor can we estimate any potential changes to the unrecognized tax benefits. The table above excludes interest on variable-rate debt, primarily our U.S. revolving credit facility, as we are unable to determine the rate and average balance outstanding for the periods presented in the above table. Interest on variable-rate long-term debt, assuming the rate and outstanding balances do not change from those at October 3, 2015 , would be approximately $13 million annually. Total contractual obligations exclude pension obligations. In 2016, we have no minimum funding requirements. However, we anticipate making contributions to defined benefit pension plans of $75 million , of which approximately $68 million is to the U.S. plan. We are unable to determine minimum funding requirements beyond 2016. We have made discretionary incremental contributions to our defined benefit plans in excess of minimum funding requirements in 2015 and expect to continue to do the same in 2016. These additional contributions are being made in an effort to migrate toward fully funded status and reduce the volatility to our consolidated financial statements. The discretionary contributions made in 2015 were a result of strong cash flow, cash position and to utilize cash held outside the U.S. for foreign plans. (dollars in millions) | Commitments expiring by period
Other Commercial Commitments | Total | 2016 | 2017- 2018 | 2019- 2020 | After 2020
Standby letters of credit | $ | 17 | $ | 12 | $ | 5 | $ | — | $ | — 36 Table of Contents ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MARKET TRENDS We operate within the aerospace and defense and industrial markets. Our aerospace and defense markets are affected by market conditions and program funding levels, while our industrial markets are influenced by general capital investment trends and economic conditions. A common factor throughout our markets is the continuing demand for technologically advanced products. Aerospace and Defense Approximately 64% of our 2015 sales were generated in aerospace and defense markets. Within aerospace and defense, we serve three end markets: defense, commercial aircraft and space. The defense market is dependent on military spending for development and production programs. Aircraft production programs are typically long-term in nature, offering predictability as to capacity needs and future revenues. We maintain positions on numerous high priority programs, including the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, FA-18E/F Super Hornet and V-22 Osprey. The large installed base of our products leads to attractive aftermarket sales and service opportunities. The tactical and strategic missile, missile defense and defense controls markets are dependent on many of the same market conditions as military aircraft, including overall military spending and program funding levels. Our security and surveillance product line is dependent on government funding at federal and local levels, as well as private sector demand. Reductions in the U.S. Department of Defense's mandatory and discretionary budgeted spending, which became effective on March 1, 2013, resulting from the Budget Control Act of 2011, will have ongoing ramifications for the domestic aerospace and defense market for the near future. As originally passed, the Budget Control Act provided that, in addition to an initial significant reduction in future domestic defense spending, further automatic cuts to defense spending authorization (which is generally referred to as sequestration) of approximately $500 billion through the Federal Government's 2021 fiscal year would be triggered by the failure of Congress to produce a deficit reduction bill. The sequestration spending cuts were intended to be uniform by category for programs, projects and activities within accounts. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013, provided some near-term opportunities to lessen the effects of sequestration, in exchange for extending the imposition of sequestration to fiscal years 2022 and 2023. However, we expect we will continue to face significant challenges over the next decade as a result of sequestration, as significant uncertainty remains with respect to the overall levels of defense spending. We believe that our military sales remain likely to be most affected due to lower defense spending. Currently, we expect approximately $685 million of U.S. defense sales in 2016. The commercial aircraft market is dependent on a number of factors, including global demand for air travel, which generally follows underlying economic growth. As such, the commercial aircraft market has historically exhibited cyclical swings which tend to track the overall economy. In recent years, the development of new, more fuel-efficient commercial air transports has helped drive increased demand in the commercial aircraft market, as airlines replace older, less fuel-efficient aircraft with newer models in an effort to reduce operating costs. The aftermarket is driven by usage of the existing aircraft fleet and the age of the installed fleet, and is impacted by fleet re-sizing programs for passenger and cargo aircraft. Changes in aircraft utilization rates affect the need for maintenance and spare parts and impact aftermarket sales. Boeing and Airbus have historically adjusted production in line with air traffic volume. Demand for our commercial aircraft products is in large part dependent on new aircraft production, which is increasing as Boeing and Airbus work to fulfill large backlogs of unfilled orders. The commercial space market is comprised of large satellite customers, traditionally communications companies. Trends for this market, as well as for commercial launch vehicles, follow demand for increased capacity. This in turn, tends to track with underlying demand for increased consumption of telecommunication services, satellite replacement and global navigation needs. The space market is also partially dependent on the governmental-authorized levels of funding for satellite communications, as well as investment for commercial and exploration activities. 37 Table of Contents Industrial Approximately 36% of our 2015 sales were generated in industrial markets. Within industrial, we serve three end markets: industrial automation, energy and medical. The industrial automation market we serve is influenced by several factors including capital investment, product innovation, economic growth, cost-reduction efforts and technology upgrades. We experience challenges from the need to react to the demands of our customers, who are in large part sensitive to international and domestic economic conditions. The energy market we serve is affected by changing oil and natural gas prices, global urbanization, the resulting increase in demand for global energy and the political climate and corresponding public support for investments in renewable energy generation capacity. Drivers for global growth include investments in power generation infrastructure, including renewable energy, and exploration in search of new oil and gas resources. The medical market we serve is influenced by economic conditions, regulatory environments, hospital and outpatient clinic spending on equipment, population demographics, medical advances, patient demands and the need for precision control components and systems. Advances in medical technology and medical treatments have had the effect of extending the average life spans, in turn resulting in greater need for medical services. These same technology and treatment advances also drive increased demand from the general population as a means to improve quality of life. Access to medical insurance, whether through government funded health care plans or private insurance, also affects the demand for medical services. Foreign Currencies We are affected by the movement of foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar, particularly in Industrial Systems. About one-quarter of our 2015 sales were denominated in foreign currencies. During 2015, average foreign currency rates generally weakened against the U.S. dollar compared to 2014. The translation of the results of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars decreased sales by $99 million compared to one year ago. During 2014, average foreign currency rates generally strengthened against the U.S. dollar compared to 2013. The translation of the results of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars increased 2014 sales by $17 million compared to 2013. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, "Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity." This ASU is intended to change the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and enhance convergence of the FASB’s and the International Accounting Standard Board’s (IASB) reporting requirements for discontinued operations. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods within those fiscal years. This amendment is applicable to us beginning in the first quarter of 2016. Early adoption is permitted, but only for disposals (or classifications as held for sale) that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued or available for issuance. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),” which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. This ASU requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU also requires additional disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. This ASU can be applied using one of two prescribed retrospective methods, and no early adoption is permitted. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years, pursuant to the issuance of ASU No. 2015-14, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of Effective Date,” in August 2015. This amendment is applicable to us beginning in the first quarter of 2019. We are currently evaluating the adoption of this standard on our financial statements. 38 Table of Contents In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-13, “Consolidation (Topic 810): Measuring the Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated Collateralized Financing Entity.” This ASU allows a reporting entity to elect to measure the financial assets and the financial liabilities of a consolidated collateralized financing entity using either the measurement alternative included in the Update or Topic 820. The provisions of this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual period. This amendment is applicable to us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, “Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.” This ASU requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity’s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued. This ASU also requires management to disclose certain information depending on the results of the going concern evaluation. The provisions of this ASU are effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016, and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted. This amendment is applicable to us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01, "Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items." This ASU eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. The ASU retains and expands the existing presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature or occur infrequently to also include items that are both unusual in nature and infrequently occurring. The provisions of this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted, provided that presentation applied to the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. This amendment is applicable to us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, “Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.” This ASU requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The provisions of this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, and retrospective application is required. This amendment is applicable for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-07, “Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent).” This ASU removes the requirement to make certain disclosures as well as categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. The provisions of this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendment is required to be applied retrospectively, and early adoption is permitted. This amendment is applicable for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. Other than requiring a change to our disclosures, the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, “Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.” This ASU requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendment is required to be applied prospectively, and early adoption is permitted. This amendment is applicable for us beginning in the first quarter of 2018. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, “Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements.” This ASU provides additional guidance on ASU No. 2015-03, specific to debit issuance costs arising from line-of-credit arrangements. This ASU provides an option to either apply the provisions of ASU No. 2015-03 to line-of-credit arrangements or to defer and instead present debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement. The additional guidance does not alter any other effective date provisions set forth in ASU No. 2015-03. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 39 Table of Contents In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, “Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.” This ASU eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for changes to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business acquisition opening balance sheet. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted as of the effective date for financial statements that have not yet been made available for issuance. This amendment is applicable for us beginning in the first quarter of 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. In the normal course of business, we are exposed to interest rate risk from our long-term debt and foreign exchange rate risk related to our foreign operations and foreign currency transactions. To manage these risks, we may enter into derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward contracts. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In 2015 , our derivative instruments consisted of interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges and foreign currency forwards. At October 3, 2015 , we had $530 million of borrowings subject to variable interest rates. During 2015 , our average borrowings subject to variable interest rates were $477 million and, therefore, if interest rates had been one percentage point higher during 2015 , our interest expense would have been $5 million higher. At October 3, 2015 , we had interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $245 million . The interest rate swaps effectively convert this amount of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt at 2.3% , including the applicable margin of 163 basis points as of October 3, 2015 . The interest will revert back to variable rates based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin upon the maturity of the interest rate swaps. These interest rate swaps will mature at various times between January 15, 2016 and June 5, 2017 . We also enter into forward contracts to reduce fluctuations in foreign currency cash flows related to third party purchases, intercompany product shipments and to reduce exposure on intercompany balances that are denominated in foreign currencies. We have foreign currency forwards with notional amounts of $162 million outstanding at October 3, 2015 that mature at various times through the fourth quarter of 2017. These include notional amounts of $76 million outstanding where the U.S. dollar is one side of the trade. The net fair value of all of our foreign currency contracts was a $3 million net liability at October 3, 2015 . A hypothetical 10 percent increase in the value of the U.S. dollar against all currencies would decrease the fair value of our foreign currency contracts at October 3, 2015 by approximately $3 million, while a hypothetical 10 percent decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against all currencies would increase the fair value of our foreign currency contracts at October 3, 2015 by approximately $4 million. It is important to note that gains and losses indicated in the sensitivity analysis would often be offset by gains and losses on the underlying receivables and payables. Although the majority of our sales, expenses and cash flows are transacted in U.S. dollars, we have exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates such as the Euro, British pound and Japanese yen. If average annual foreign exchange rates collectively weakened or strengthened against the U.S. dollar by 10%, our net earnings in 2015 would have decreased or increased by $9 million from foreign currency translation. This sensitivity analysis assumed that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. dollar and excludes the potential effects that changes in foreign currency exchange rates may have on actual transactions. 40 Table of Contents Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Inc. Consolidated Statements of Earnings Fiscal Years Ended
(dollars in thousands, except per share data) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014 | September 28, 2013
Net sales | $ | 2,525,532 | $ | 2,648,385 | $ | 2,610,311
Cost of sales | 1,788,828 | 1,850,809 | 1,826,561
Gross profit | 736,704 | 797,576 | 783,750
Research and development | 132,271 | 139,462 | 134,652
Selling, general and administrative | 371,498 | 403,487 | 396,636
Interest | 28,967 | 12,513 | 26,962
Restructuring | 15,449 | 12,913 | 14,075
Goodwill impairment | — | — | 38,200
Other | 4,685 | 10,278 | 8,219
Earnings before income taxes | 183,834 | 218,923 | 165,006
Income taxes | 51,951 | 60,725 | 44,509
Net earnings | $ | 131,883 | $ | 158,198 | $ | 120,497
Net earnings per share
Basic | $ | 3.39 | $ | 3.57 | $ | 2.66
Diluted | $ | 3.35 | $ | 3.52 | $ | 2.63
Average common shares outstanding
Basic | 38,945,880 | 44,362,412 | 45,335,336
Diluted | 39,334,520 | 44,952,437 | 45,823,720 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 41 Table of Contents Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Fiscal Years Ended
(dollars in thousands) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014 | September 28, 2013
Net earnings | $ | 131,883 | $ | 158,198 | $ | 120,497
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustment | (82,042 | ) | (31,318 | ) | 7,079
Retirement liability adjustment | (51,926 | ) | (41,289 | ) | 106,729
Change in accumulated loss on derivatives | (929 | ) | (73 | ) | (1,255 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax | (134,897 | ) | (72,680 | ) | 112,553
Comprehensive income (loss) | $ | (3,014 | ) | $ | 85,518 | $ | 233,050 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 42 Table of Contents Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands, except per share data) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 309,853 | $ | 231,292
Receivables | 698,419 | 780,874
Inventories | 493,360 | 517,056
Deferred income taxes | 91,210 | 92,390
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 34,653 | 42,452
Total current assets | 1,627,495 | 1,664,064
Property, plant and equipment, net | 536,756 | 555,348
Goodwill | 737,212 | 757,852
Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $207,843 in 2015 and $190,954 in 2014 | 143,723 | 178,070
Other assets | 41,285 | 53,118
Total assets | $ | 3,086,471 | $ | 3,208,452
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Short-term borrowings | $ | 83 | $ | 103,660
Current installments of long-term debt | 34 | 5,262
Accounts payable | 165,973 | 162,667
Accrued salaries, wages and commissions | 125,270 | 141,096
Customer advances | 167,423 | 145,500
Contract loss reserves | 30,422 | 35,984
Other accrued liabilities | 116,300 | 128,635
Total current liabilities | 605,505 | 722,804
Long-term debt, excluding current installments | 1,075,067 | 765,114
Long-term pension and retirement obligations | 348,239 | 288,216
Deferred income taxes | 60,209 | 83,931
Other long-term liabilities | 2,919 | 972
Total liabilities | 2,091,939 | 1,861,037
Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) | — | —
Shareholders’ equity
Common stock - par value $1.00
Class A - Authorized 100,000,000 shares | 43,639 | 43,628
Issued 43,638,618 and outstanding 33,320,187 shares at October 3, 2015
Issued 43,627,531 and outstanding 37,820,830 shares at September 27, 2014
Class B - Authorized 20,000,000 shares. Convertible to Class A on a one-for-one basis | 7,641 | 7,652
Issued 7,641,095 and outstanding 3,388,788 shares at October 3, 2015
Issued 7,652,182 and outstanding 3,622,303 shares at September 27, 2014
Additional paid-in capital | 456,512 | 463,965
Retained earnings | 1,579,794 | 1,447,911
Treasury shares | (701,771 | ) | (360,445 | )
Stock Employee Compensation Trust | (44,211 | ) | (48,458 | )
Supplemental Retirement Plan Trust | (5,337 | ) | —
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | (341,735 | ) | (206,838 | )
Total shareholders’ equity | 994,532 | 1,347,415
Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity | $ | 3,086,471 | $ | 3,208,452 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 43 Table of Contents Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity Fiscal Years Ended
(dollars in thousands) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014 | September 28, 2013
COMMON STOCK
Beginning and end of year | $ | 51,280 | $ | 51,280 | $ | 51,280
ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL
Beginning of year | 463,965 | 447,478 | 421,969
Issuance of treasury shares | (4,529 | ) | 256 | 7,134
Equity-based compensation expense | 5,074 | 7,189 | 6,620
Adjustment to market - SECT, SERP and other | (7,998 | ) | 9,042 | 11,755
End of year | 456,512 | 463,965 | 447,478
RETAINED EARNINGS
Beginning of year | 1,447,911 | 1,289,713 | 1,169,216
Net earnings | 131,883 | 158,198 | 120,497
End of year | 1,579,794 | 1,447,911 | 1,289,713
TREASURY SHARES AT COST
Beginning of year | (360,445 | ) | (83,003 | ) | (74,980 | )
Class A shares issued related to equity awards | 15,965 | 1,991 | 3,591
Class A and B shares purchased | (357,291 | ) | (279,433 | ) | (11,614 | )
End of year | (701,771 | ) | (360,445 | ) | (83,003 | )
STOCK EMPLOYEE COMPENSATION TRUST (SECT)
Beginning of year | (48,458 | ) | (35,545 | ) | (15,984 | )
Issuance of shares | 7,395 | 1,144 | 781
Purchase of shares | (15,151 | ) | (7,924 | ) | (9,676 | )
Adjustment to market | 12,003 | (6,133 | ) | (10,666 | )
End of year | (44,211 | ) | (48,458 | ) | (35,545 | )
SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN (SERP) TRUST
Beginning of year | — | — | —
Purchase of shares | (7,328 | ) | — | —
Adjustment to market | 1,991 | — | —
End of year | (5,337 | ) | — | —
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Beginning of year | (206,838 | ) | (134,158 | ) | (246,711 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss) | (134,897 | ) | (72,680 | ) | 112,553
End of year | (341,735 | ) | (206,838 | ) | (134,158 | )
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 994,532 | $ | 1,347,415 | $ | 1,535,765 (Continued on next page) 44 Table of Contents Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity, Continued Fiscal Years Ended
(share data) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014 | September 28, 2013
TREASURY SHARES - CLASS A COMMON STOCK
Beginning of year | (5,806,702 | ) | (2,004,262 | ) | (2,253,318 | )
Class A shares issued related to equity awards | 543,923 | 283,921 | 495,297
Class A shares purchased | (5,055,652 | ) | (4,086,361 | ) | (246,241 | )
End of year | (10,318,431 | ) | (5,806,702 | ) | (2,004,262 | )
TREASURY SHARES - CLASS B COMMON STOCK
Beginning of year | (3,319,038 | ) | (3,305,971 | ) | (3,305,971 | )
Class B shares purchased | (4,888 | ) | (13,067 | ) | —
End of year | (3,323,926 | ) | (3,319,038 | ) | (3,305,971 | )
SECT SHARES - CLASS B COMMON STOCK
Beginning of year | (710,841 | ) | (610,223 | ) | (418,317 | )
Issuance of shares | 101,000 | 18,444 | 21,237
Purchase of shares | (218,540 | ) | (119,062 | ) | (213,143 | )
End of year | (828,381 | ) | (710,841 | ) | (610,223 | )
SERP TRUST SHARES - CLASS B COMMON STOCK
Beginning of year | — | — | —
Purchase of shares | (100,000 | ) | — | —
End of year | (100,000 | ) | — | — See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 45 Table of Contents Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Fiscal Years Ended
(dollars in thousands) | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014 | September 28, 2013
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net earnings | $ | 131,883 | $ | 158,198 | $ | 120,497
Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation | 78,610 | 78,078 | 75,000
Amortization | 24,999 | 31,181 | 33,073
Deferred income taxes | 12,991 | 5,021 | (8,216 | )
Equity-based compensation expense | 5,074 | 7,189 | 6,620
Redemption of senior subordinated notes | — | 8,002 | —
Goodwill impairment | — | — | 38,200
Other | 7,826 | 7,260 | 7,620
Changes in assets and liabilities providing (using) cash:
Receivables | 60,616 | 23,707 | (58,368 | )
Inventories | 3,821 | 23,666 | (6,871 | )
Accounts payable | 8,107 | (17,783 | ) | 10,543
Customer advances | 24,112 | (304 | ) | 32,437
Accrued expenses | (6,525 | ) | 7,685 | (2,625 | )
Accrued income taxes | (9,986 | ) | 6,273 | 3,678
Net pension and post retirement liabilities | (15,048 | ) | (43,612 | ) | 8,174
Other assets and liabilities | 8,066 | (7,459 | ) | (8,485 | )
Net cash provided by operating activities | 334,546 | 287,102 | 251,277
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired | — | — | (69,157 | )
Purchase of property, plant and equipment | (80,693 | ) | (78,771 | ) | (93,174 | )
Other investing transactions | 13,095 | (8,124 | ) | (11,067 | )
Net cash used by investing activities | (67,598 | ) | (86,895 | ) | (173,398 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net short-term (repayments) borrowings | (3,570 | ) | (977 | ) | 16,124
Proceeds from revolving lines of credit | 428,130 | 680,875 | 897,162
Payments on revolving lines of credit | (518,130 | ) | (319,740 | ) | (782,617 | )
Payments on long-term debt | (5,259 | ) | (3,256 | ) | (3,113 | )
Proceeds from senior notes, net of issuance costs | 294,430 | — | —
Payments on senior subordinated notes | — | (191,575 | ) | (187,000 | )
Payment of premium on redemption of senior subordinated notes | — | (6,945 | ) | —
Proceeds from sale of treasury stock | 11,436 | 2,247 | 10,725
Purchase of outstanding shares for treasury | (363,848 | ) | (272,876 | ) | (11,614 | )
Proceeds from sale of stock held by SECT | 7,395 | 1,144 | 781
Purchase of stock held by SECT | (15,151 | ) | (7,924 | ) | (9,676 | )
Purchase of stock held by SERP Trust | (7,328 | ) | — | —
Excess tax benefits from equity-based payment arrangements | 5,996 | 2,910 | 1,089
Other financing transactions | (100 | ) | (2,288 | ) | (3,949 | )
Net cash used by financing activities | (165,999 | ) | (118,405 | ) | (72,088 | )
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash | (22,388 | ) | (7,600 | ) | 2,458
Increase in cash and cash equivalents | 78,561 | 74,202 | 8,249
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year | 231,292 | 157,090 | 148,841
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year | $ | 309,853 | $ | 231,292 | $ | 157,090
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Interest paid | $ | 23,718 | $ | 17,300 | $ | 29,320
Income taxes paid, net of refunds | 39,890 | 41,999 | 54,461
Unsecured notes issued for acquisitions | — | — | 8,450 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 46 Table of Contents ____________________________________________________________________________________________ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (dollars in thousands, except per share data) ____________________________________________________________________________________________ Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Consolidation: The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Moog Inc. and all of our U.S. and foreign subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Fiscal Year: Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday that is closest to September 30. The consolidated financial statements include 53 weeks for the year ended October 3, 2015 and 52 weeks for the years ended September 27, 2014 and September 28, 2013 . Operating Cycle: Consistent with industry practice, aerospace and defense related inventories, unbilled recoverable costs and profits on long-term contract receivables, customer advances and contract loss reserves include amounts relating to contracts having long production and procurement cycles, portions of which are not expected to be realized or settled within one year. Foreign Currency Translation: Assets and liabilities of subsidiaries that prepare financial statements in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated using rates of exchange as of the balance sheet date and the statements of earnings are translated at the average rates of exchange for each reporting period. Use of Estimates: The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions. Revenue Recognition: We recognize revenue using either the percentage of completion method for contracts or as units are delivered or services are performed. Percentage of completion method for contracts : Revenue representing 33% , 34% and 33% of 2015 , 2014 and 2013 sales, respectively, was accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. This method of revenue recognition is predominantly used within the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments due to the contractual nature of the business activities, with the exception of their respective aftermarket activities. The contractual arrangements are either firm fixed-price or cost-plus contracts and are primarily with the U.S. Government or its prime subcontractors, foreign governments or commercial aircraft manufacturers, including Boeing and Airbus. The nature of the contractual arrangements includes customers’ requirements for delivery of hardware as well as funded nonrecurring development work in anticipation of follow-on production orders. Revenue on contracts using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting is recognized as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Changes in estimates affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, resulting in the cumulative effect of changes reflected in the period. Estimates are reviewed and updated quarterly for substantially all contracts. A significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. Occasionally, it is appropriate to combine or segment contracts. Contracts are combined in those limited circumstances when they are negotiated as a package in the same economic environment with an overall profit margin objective and constitute, in essence, an agreement to do a single project. In such cases, revenue and costs are recognized over the performance period of the combined contracts as if they were one. Contracts are segmented in limited circumstances if the customer had the right to accept separate elements of the contract and the total amount of the proposals on the separate components approximated the amount of the proposal on the entire project. For segmented contracts, revenue and costs are recognized as if they were separate contracts over the performance periods of the individual elements or phases. 47 Table of Contents Contract costs include only allocable, allowable and reasonable costs, as determined in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations and the related Cost Accounting Standards for applicable U.S. Government contracts, and are included in cost of sales when incurred. The nature of these costs includes development engineering costs and product manufacturing costs including direct material, direct labor, other direct costs and indirect overhead costs. Contract profit is recorded as a result of the revenue recognized less costs incurred in any reporting period. Amounts representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or change orders are considered in estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is considered probable. Revenue recognized on contracts for unresolved claims or unapproved contract change orders was not material for 2015 , 2014 or 2013 . For contracts with anticipated losses at completion, a provision for the entire amount of the estimated remaining loss is charged against income in the period in which the loss becomes known. Contract losses are determined considering all direct and indirect contract costs, exclusive of any selling, general or administrative cost allocations that are treated as period expenses. Loss reserves are more common on firm fixed-price contracts that involve, to varying degrees, the design and development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet the customers’ specifications. As units are delivered or services are performed : In 2015 , 67% of our sales were recognized as units were delivered or as service obligations were satisfied. Revenue is recognized when the risks and rewards of ownership and title to the product are transferred to the customer. When engineering or similar services are performed, revenue is recognized upon completion of the obligation including any delivery of engineering drawings or technical data. This method of revenue recognition is predominantly used within the Industrial Systems, Components and Medical Devices segments, as well as with aftermarket activity. Profits are recorded as costs are relieved from inventory and charged to cost of sales and as revenue is recognized. Inventory costs include all product manufacturing costs such as direct material, direct labor, other direct costs and indirect overhead cost allocations. Shipping and Handling Costs: Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales. Research and Development: Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include salaries, benefits, consulting, material costs and depreciation. Bid and Proposal Costs: Bid and proposal costs are expensed as incurred and classified as selling, general and administrative expenses. Equity-Based Compensation: Equity-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. Earnings Per Share: Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding are as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Basic weighted-average shares outstanding | 38,945,880 | 44,362,412 | 45,335,336
Dilutive effect of equity-based awards | 388,640 | 590,025 | 488,384
Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding | 39,334,520 | 44,952,437 | 45,823,720 Cash and Cash Equivalents: All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. The allowance is determined by considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances and current economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay. Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower-of-cost-or-market with cost determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method of valuation. 48 Table of Contents Property, Plant and Equipment: Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Plant and equipment are depreciated principally using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally 40 years for buildings, 15 years for building improvements, 12 years for furniture and fixtures, 10 years for machinery and equipment, 8 years for tooling and test equipment and 3 to 5 years for computer hardware and software. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset, whichever is shorter. Goodwill: We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit is likely to be below its carrying amount. We also test goodwill for impairment when there is a change in reporting units. We may elect to perform a qualitative assessment that considers economic, industry and company-specific factors for all or selected reporting units. If, after completing this assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we proceed to a quantitative test. We may also elect to perform a quantitative test instead of a qualitative test for any or all of our reporting units. Quantitative testing requires a comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We use the discounted cash flow method to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. The discounted cash flow method incorporates various assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, operating margins and cash flows, the terminal growth rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and any loss must be measured. To determine the amount of the impairment loss, the implied fair value of goodwill is determined by assigning a fair value to all of the reporting unit's assets and liabilities, including any unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination at fair value. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss would be recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We recorded a $38,200 goodwill impairment charge in 2013 in our Medical Devices reporting unit. There were no impairment charges recorded in 2015 or 2014 . Acquired Intangible Assets: Acquired identifiable intangible assets are recorded at cost and are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: Long-lived assets, including acquired identifiable intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of those assets may not be recoverable. We use undiscounted cash flows to determine whether impairment exists and measure any impairment loss using discounted cash flows. In 2014, we recorded a $739 impairment charge in our Industrial Systems segment related to intangible assets from a product line we decided to exit. We also recorded a $1,296 impairment charge in our Medical Devices segment related to equipment from a product line we are no longer pursuing. Both of these charges are included as restructuring in the consolidated statements of earnings. In 2015, we recorded impairment charges of $2,432 in our Industrial Systems segment, primarily related to intangible assets from a wind energy product line that we decided to exit, which is included as other expense. We also recorded an additional $472 impairment charge related to intangible assets on the product line we decided to exit in 2014, which is included as restructuring in the consolidated statement of earnings. There were no impairment charges recorded in 2013 . Product Warranties: In the ordinary course of business, we warrant our products against defect in design, materials and workmanship typically over periods ranging from twelve to sixty months. We determine warranty reserves needed by product line based on historical experience and current facts and circumstances. Activity in the warranty accrual is summarized as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Warranty accrual at beginning of year | $ | 19,953 | $ | 17,429 | $ | 18,859
Warranties issued during current year | 9,666 | 12,611 | 9,019
Adjustments to pre-existing warranties | (2,416 | ) | (2,037 | ) | (1,911 | )
Reductions for settling warranties | (7,448 | ) | (7,759 | ) | (8,507 | )
Foreign currency translation | (1,095 | ) | (291 | ) | (31 | )
Warranty accrual at end of year | $ | 18,660 | $ | 19,953 | $ | 17,429 49 Table of Contents Financial Instruments: Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, notes payable, accounts payable, long-term debt, interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards. The carrying values for our financial instruments approximate fair value with the exception at times of long-term debt. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. We carry derivative instruments on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value, determined by reference to quoted market prices. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, if so, the reason for holding it. Our use of derivative instruments is generally limited to cash flow hedges of certain interest rate risks and minimizing foreign currency exposure on foreign currency transactions, which are typically designated in hedging relationships, and intercompany balances, which are not designated as hedging instruments. Cash flows resulting from forward contracts are accounted for as hedges of identifiable transactions or events and classified in the same category as the cash flows from the items being hedged. Recent Accounting Pronouncements : In March 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2013-05, "Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries or Group of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity." This ASU is intended to eliminate diversity in practice on the release of cumulative translation adjustments into net income when a parent either sells part or all of its investment in a foreign entity, or when it no longer holds a controlling financial interest. In addition, the amendments resolve the diversity in practice for the treatment of business combinations achieved in stages involving a foreign entity. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2013 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this amendment in the first quarter of 2015. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-11, “Transfers and Servicing (Topic 860): Repurchase to Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings and Disclosures.” This ASU changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions to secured borrowing accounting, requires certain disclosures for transactions accounted for as sales and requires certain disclosures for other transactions accounted for as secured borrowings. The provisions of this ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2014 and for interim periods beginning after March 15, 2015. We adopted this amendment in the third quarter of 2015. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-04, “Compensation - Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Practical Expedient for the Measurement Date of an Employer’s Defined Benefit Obligation and Plan Assets.” This ASU permits an entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity’s fiscal year-end and apply that consistently from year to year. This practical expedient would then be applied to all plans if an entity has more than one plan. Further, if a contribution or other significant event occurs between the month-end date used to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations and an entity’s fiscal year-end, the entity should adjust the measurement of the defined benefit plan assets and obligations to reflect the effects of those contributions and other significant events. The provisions of this ASU are effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, and prospective application is required. We adopted this standard in 2015, and changed our method of measuring plan assets and obligations related to our defined benefit plans. This change simplifies our reporting while maintaining the usefulness of information presented in our financial statements. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our financial statements. 50 Table of Contents Note 2 - Acquisitions and Divestitures In 2015, we completed a divestiture in our Medical Devices segment. We sold our Rochester, New York and Erie, Pennsylvania life sciences operations for $2,988 in cash. In 2013, we completed a divestiture in our Medical Devices segment. We sold our Buffalo, New York operations of Ethox Medical for $5,000 in cash, plus a $200 note receivable. In 2013, we also completed business combinations. One of these business combinations was in our Space and Defense Controls segment. We acquired Broad Reach Engineering for $34,550 of cash consideration, issuance of $8,450 of notes payable and contingent consideration with an initial fair value of $3,447 . Based in Colorado, Broad Reach Engineering is a leading designer and manufacturer of spaceflight electronics and software for aerospace, scientific, commercial and military missions. The company also provides ground testing, launch and on-orbit operations. We also completed one business combination in our Components segment. We acquired Aspen Motion Technologies, located in Radford, Virginia for $33,911 in cash. Aspen is a designer and manufacturer of high-performance permanent magnet brushless DC motors, integrated digital controls and motorized impellers. Aspen also specializes in custom motor designs for end product integration and significant product enhancement in a variety of high-performance industrial applications. The purchase price allocations for the 2013 acquisitions are complete. All of our acquisitions are accounted for under the purchase method and, accordingly, the operating results for the acquired companies are included in the consolidated statements of earnings from the respective dates of acquisition. Under purchase accounting, we record assets and liabilities at fair value and such amounts are reflected in the respective captions on the consolidated balance sheets. 51 Table of Contents Note 3 - Receivables Receivables consist of: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Accounts receivable | $ | 291,188 | $ | 332,450
Long-term contract receivables:
Amounts billed | 113,565 | 125,497
Unbilled recoverable costs and accrued profits | 286,395 | 313,530
Total long-term contract receivables | 399,960 | 439,027
Other | 12,557 | 13,738
Total receivables | 703,705 | 785,215
Less allowance for doubtful accounts | (5,286 | ) | (4,341 | )
Receivables | $ | 698,419 | $ | 780,874 Under our trade receivables securitization facility (the "Securitization Program"), we securitize certain trade receivables in transactions that are accounted for as secured borrowings. We maintain a subordinated interest in a portion of the pool of trade receivables that are securitized. The retained interest, which is included in receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, is recorded at fair value, which approximates the total amount of the designated pool of accounts receivable. See Note 7, Indebtedness, for additional disclosures related to the Securitization Program. Long-term contract receivables are primarily associated with prime contractors and subcontractors in connection with U.S. Government contracts, commercial aircraft and satellite manufacturers. Amounts billed under long-term contracts to the U.S. Government were $8,284 at October 3, 2015 and $16,929 at September 27, 2014 . Unbilled recoverable costs and accrued profits under long-term contracts to be billed to the U.S. Government were $13,733 at October 3, 2015 and $15,816 at September 27, 2014 . Unbilled recoverable costs and accrued profits principally represent revenues recognized on contracts that were not billable on the balance sheet date. These amounts will be billed in accordance with contract terms, generally as certain milestones are reached or upon shipment. Approximately 75% of unbilled amounts are expected to be collected within one year. In situations where billings exceed revenues recognized, the excess is included in customer advances. There are no material amounts of claims or unapproved change orders included in the consolidated balance sheets. There are no material balances billed but not paid by customers under retainage provisions. Concentrations of credit risk on receivables are limited to those from significant customers who are believed to be financially sound. Receivables from Boeing were $161,820 at October 3, 2015 and $147,421 at September 27, 2014 . We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and generally do not require collateral. 52 Table of Contents Note 4 - Inventories Inventories, net of reserves, consist of: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Raw materials and purchased parts | $ | 188,843 | $ | 198,166
Work in progress | 243,373 | 251,701
Finished goods | 61,144 | 67,189
Inventories | $ | 493,360 | $ | 517,056 There are no m aterial inventoried costs relating to long-term contracts where revenue is accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting as of October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014 . Note 5 - Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consists of: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Land | $ | 27,132 | $ | 28,299
Buildings and improvements | 397,340 | 398,783
Machinery and equipment | 789,452 | 767,342
Property, plant and equipment, at cost | 1,213,924 | 1,194,424
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization | (677,168 | ) | (639,076 | )
Property, plant and equipment, net | $ | 536,756 | $ | 555,348 53 Table of Contents Note 6 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: Aircraft Controls | Space and Defense Controls | Industrial Systems | Components | Medical Devices | Total
Balance at September 29, 2012 | $ | 192,386 | $ | 130,715 | $ | 119,575 | $ | 194,464 | $ | 125,714 | $ | 762,854
Acquisitions | — | 29,361 | — | 11,218 | — | 40,579
Adjustments to prior year acquisitions | — | 2,418 | — | 472 | — | 2,890
Impairment | — | — | — | — | (38,200 | ) | (38,200 | )
Divestiture | — | — | — | — | (2,900 | ) | (2,900 | )
Foreign currency translation | 27 | 642 | 1,745 | (1,301 | ) | 588 | 1,701
Balance at September 28, 2013 | 192,413 | 163,136 | 121,320 | 204,853 | 85,202 | 766,924
Adjustments to prior year acquisitions | — | (2,734 | ) | — | — | — | (2,734 | )
Foreign currency translation | 439 | (795 | ) | (3,311 | ) | (1,943 | ) | (728 | ) | (6,338 | )
Balance at September 27, 2014 | 192,852 | 159,607 | 118,009 | 202,910 | 84,474 | 757,852
Change in segment classification | — | — | — | 19,620 | (19,620 | ) | —
Divestiture | — | — | — | — | (1,715 | ) | (1,715 | )
Foreign currency translation | (4,327 | ) | (1,394 | ) | (7,166 | ) | (4,767 | ) | (1,271 | ) | (18,925 | )
Balance at October 3, 2015 | $ | 188,525 | $ | 158,213 | $ | 110,843 | $ | 217,763 | $ | 61,868 | $ | 737,212 We recorded a $38,200 goodwill impairment in 2013 in our Medical Devices reporting unit. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually, during our fourth quarter. We estimated the fair value of this reporting unit using a discounted cash flow analysis, and our result was supported by information obtained as part of our strategic review of this business. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we began a strategic assessment of our Medical Devices segment. We determined that the medical pumps business is not core to our overall strategy, but we are currently operating the business as part of ongoing operations. See Note 17, Segments, for additional disclosures related to the change in segment classification. The components of acquired intangible assets are as follows: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Weighted- Average Life (Years) | Gross Carrying Amount | Accumulated Amortization | Gross Carrying Amount | Accumulated Amortization
Customer-related | 11 | $ | 171,779 | $ | (110,697 | ) | $ | 180,670 | $ | (102,251 | )
Program-related | 18 | 75,720 | (27,463 | ) | 80,054 | (24,065 | )
Technology-related | 9 | 73,299 | (49,723 | ) | 76,057 | (46,296 | )
Marketing-related | 10 | 25,997 | (16,648 | ) | 26,707 | (14,779 | )
Acquired intangible assets | 12 | $ | 346,795 | $ | (204,531 | ) | $ | 363,488 | $ | (187,391 | ) All acquired intangible assets other than goodwill are being amortized. Customer-related intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships. Program-related intangible assets consist of long-term programs represented by current contracts and probable follow on work. Technology-related intangible assets primarily consist of technology, patents, intellectual property and software. Marketing-related intangible assets primarily consist of trademarks, trade names and non-compete agreements. Amortization of acquired intangible assets was $24,708 in 2015 , $29,907 in 2014 and $31,137 in 2013 . Based on acquired intangible assets recorded at October 3, 2015 , amortization is estimated to be approximately $21,900 in 2016 , $18,500 in 2017 , $17,100 in 2018 , $15,900 in 2019 and $14,500 in 2020 . 54 Table of Contents Note 7 - Indebtedness Short-term borrowings consist of: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Lines of credit | $ | 83 | $ | 3,660
Securitization program | — | 100,000
Short-term borrowings | $ | 83 | $ | 103,660 We maintain short-term credit facilities with banks throughout the world that are principally demand lines subject to revision by the banks. Interest on outstanding lines of credit is 1.0% at October 3, 2015 . Long-term debt consists of: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
U.S. revolving credit facility | $ | 675,000 | $ | 765,000
Senior notes | 300,000 | —
Securitization program | 100,000 | —
Obligations under capital leases | 101 | 151
Other long-term debt | — | 5,225
Senior debt | 1,075,101 | 770,376
Less current installments | (34 | ) | (5,262 | )
Long-term debt | $ | 1,075,067 | $ | 765,114 On May 22, 2014 , we amended our U.S. revolving credit facility. The amendment increased the capacity on our revolving credit facility from $900,000 to $1,100,000 and extended the maturity of the credit facility to May 22, 2019 . The amendment also provides an expansion option, which permits us to request an increase to the credit facility of up to $200,000 upon satisfaction of certain conditions. The credit facility is secured by substantially all of our U.S. assets. The loan agreement contains various covenants which, among others, specify interest coverage and maximum leverage and capital expenditures. We are in compliance with all covenants. Interest on all of the outstanding credit facility borrowings is 1.8% and is based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin, which was 163 basis points at October 3, 2015 . On November 21, 2014 , we completed the sale of $300,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior notes due December 1, 2022 at par with interest paid semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, which commenced on June 1, 2015 . The senior notes are unsecured obligations, guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries and contain normal incurrence-based covenants and limitations such as the ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, make other restricted payments and investments, create liens and certain corporate acts such as mergers and consolidations. The aggregate net proceeds of $294,430 were used to repay indebtedness under our U.S. bank credit facility, thereby increasing the unused portion of our revolving credit facility. The Securitization Program was extended on February 10, 2015 and now matures on February 10, 2017 and effectively increases our borrowing capacity by up to $100,000 . Under the Securitization Program, we sell certain trade receivables and related rights to an affiliate, which in turn sells an undivided variable percentage ownership interest in the trade receivables to a financial institution, while maintaining a subordinated interest in a portion of the pool of trade receivables. Interest for the Securitization Program is 0.9% at October 3, 2015 and is based on 30-day LIBOR plus an applicable margin. A commitment fee is also charged based on a percentage of the unused amounts available and is not material . The agreement governing the Securitization Program contains restrictions and covenants which include limitations on the making of certain restricted payments, creation of certain liens, and certain corporate acts such as mergers, consolidations and sale of substantially all assets. The Securitization Program has a minimum borrowing requirement equal to the lesser of either 80% of our borrowing capacity or 100% of our borrowing base, which is a subset of the trade receivables sold under this agreement. As of October 3, 2015 , our minimum borrowing requirement is $80,000 . 55 Table of Contents On December 19, 2013 , we repurchased our 7.25% senior subordinated notes due on January 15, 2018 at 103.625% , pursuant to an early redemption right. We redeemed the aggregate principal amount of $200,000 using proceeds drawn from our U.S. revolving credit facility. The associated loss on the redemption includes $6,945 of call premium paid to external bondholders and a $1,057 write off of deferred debt issuance costs. Maturities of long-term debt are $34 in 2016 , $100,033 in 2017 , $24 in 2018 , $675,010 in 2019 , $0 in 2020 and $300,000 thereafter. At October 3, 2015 , we had pledged assets with a net book value of $1,508,996 as security for long-term debt. At October 3, 2015 , we had $420,193 of unused short and long-term borrowing capacity, including $408,227 from the U.S. revolving credit facility. Commitment fees are charged on some of these arrangements and on the U.S. revolving credit facility based on a percentage of the unused amounts available and are not material . Note 8 - Derivative Financial Instruments We principally use derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with long-term debt and foreign exchange risk related to foreign operations and foreign currency transactions. We enter into derivative financial instruments with a number of major financial institutions to minimize counterparty credit risk. Derivatives designated as hedging instruments Interest rate swaps are used to adjust the proportion of total debt that is subject to variable and fixed interest rates. The interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the amount of future cash flows related to interest payments on variable-rate debt that, in combination with the interest payments on the debt, convert a portion of the variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. At October 3, 2015 , we had interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling $245,000 . The interest rate swaps effectively convert this amount of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt at 2.3% , including the applicable margin of 163 basis points as of October 3, 2015 . The interest will revert back to variable rates based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin upon the maturity of the interest rate swaps. These interest rate swaps mature at various times between January 15, 2016 and June 5, 2017 . We use foreign currency forward contracts as cash flow hedges to effectively fix the exchange rates on future payments and revenue. To mitigate exposure in movements between various currencies, primarily the Philippine peso, we had outstanding foreign currency forwards with notional amounts of $53,659 at October 3, 2015 . These contracts mature at various times through September 1, 2017 . These interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value and the related gains or losses are deferred in shareholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (AOCI). These deferred gains and losses are reclassified into expense during the periods in which the related payments or receipts affect earnings. However, to the extent the interest rate swaps and foreign currency forwards are not perfectly effective in offsetting the change in the value of the payments being hedged, the ineffective portion of these contracts is recognized in earnings immediately. Ineffectiveness was not material in 2015 , 2014 or 2013 . Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments We also have foreign currency exposure on balances, primarily intercompany, that are denominated in a foreign currency and are adjusted to current values using period-end exchange rates. The resulting gains or losses are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. To minimize foreign currency exposure, we have foreign currency forwards with notional amounts of $108,391 at October 3, 2015 . The foreign currency forwards are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value and resulting gains or losses are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. We recorded a net loss of $1,344 in 2015 and a net gain of $4,105 in 2014 on the foreign currency forwards. These gains and losses are included in other expense and generally offset the gains and losses from the foreign currency adjustments on the intercompany balances that are also included in other income or expense. 56 Table of Contents Summary of derivatives The fair value and classification of derivatives is summarized as follows: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign currency forwards | Other current assets | $ | 12 | $ | —
Foreign currency forwards | Other assets | 39 | —
Interest rate swaps | Other current assets | — | 70
Interest rate swaps | Other assets | — | 107
Total asset derivatives | $ | 51 | $ | 177
Foreign currency forwards | Other accrued liabilities | $ | 1,755 | $ | 1,521
Foreign currency forwards | Other long-term liabilities | 572 | 494
Interest rate swaps | Other accrued liabilities | 756 | 110
Interest rate swaps | Other long-term liabilities | 268 | 28
Total liability derivatives | $ | 3,351 | $ | 2,153
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign currency forwards | Other current assets | $ | 115 | $ | 821
Foreign currency forwards | Other accrued liabilities | $ | 429 | $ | 2,991 57 Table of Contents Note 9 - Fair Value Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Depending on the nature of the asset or liability, various techniques and assumptions can be used to estimate fair value. The definition of the fair value hierarchy is as follows: Level 1 – Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. Level 2 – Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for similar assets and liabilities. Level 3 – Inputs for which significant valuation assumptions are unobservable in a market and therefore value is based on the best available data, some of which is internally developed and considers risk premiums that a market participant would require. Our derivatives are valued using various pricing models or discounted cash flow analyses that incorporate observable market data, such as interest rate yield curves and currency rates, and are classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. Our Level 3 fair value liabilities represent contingent consideration recorded for acquisitions to be paid if various financial targets are met. The amounts recorded were calculated for each payment scenario in each period using an estimate of the probability of the future cash outflows. The varying contingent payments were then discounted to the present value at the weighted average cost of capital. Fair value is assessed on a quarterly basis, or whenever events or circumstances change that indicate an adjustment is required. The assessment includes an evaluation of the performance of the acquired business compared to previous expectations, changes to future projections and the probability of achieving the earn out targets. The following table presents the fair values and classification of our financial assets and liabilities measured on a recurring basis, all of which are classified as Level 2: Classification | October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Foreign currency forwards | Other current assets | $ | 127 | $ | 821
Foreign currency forwards | Other assets | 39 | —
Interest rate swaps | Other current assets | — | 70
Interest rate swaps | Other assets | — | 107
Total assets | $ | 166 | $ | 998
Foreign currency forwards | Other accrued liabilities | $ | 2,184 | $ | 4,512
Foreign currency forwards | Other long-term liabilities | 572 | 494
Interest rate swaps | Other accrued liabilities | 756 | 110
Interest rate swaps | Other long-term liabilities | 268 | 28
Total liabilities | $ | 3,780 | $ | 5,144 There were no financial assets or liabilities classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy for the year ended October 3, 2015 . The changes in financial liabilities classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 2014
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 4,007
Decrease in discounted future cash flows recorded as interest expense | (121 | )
Decrease in earn out provisions recorded as other income | (1,585 | )
Settlements paid in cash | (2,301 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | — Our only financial instrument for which the carrying value differs from its fair value is long-term debt. At October 3, 2015, the fair value of long-term debt was $1,072,101 compared to its carrying value of $1,075,101 . The fair value of long-term debt is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and was estimated based on quoted market prices. 58 Table of Contents Note 10 - Restructuring In 2015, we initiated additional restructuring plans as a result of ongoing reviews of our lines of business and operations. The restructuring actions taken have resulted in workforce reductions, primarily in the U.S., Europe and Asia. In 2014, we initiated restructuring plans in response to the business outlook, which includes a change in the mix of sales and delays and cancellations of orders for certain product lines. The restructuring actions taken have resulted in workforce reductions, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. In 2013, we initiated restructuring plans to better align our cost structure with projected sales levels. The restructuring actions taken have resulted in workforce reductions, primarily in the U.S., Europe and Asia. The restructuring charge in 2015 principally relates to severance, but also includes $3,773 related to the termination of a sales and marketing contract and $472 for the impairment of intangible assets in our Industrial Systems segment. Restructuring expense in 2014 principally relates to severance, but also includes $1,296 for the impairment of long-lived assets in our Medical Devices segment and $739 for the impairment of intangibles assets in our Industrial Systems segment. Restructuring activity for severance and other costs by segment is as follows: Aircraft Controls | Space and Defense Controls | Industrial Systems | Components | Medical Devices | Total
Balance at September 29, 2012 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Charged to expense - 2013 plan | 1,692 | 4,968 | 7,415 | — | — | 14,075
Cash payments - 2013 plan | (1,672 | ) | (600 | ) | (4,711 | ) | — | — | (6,983 | )
Foreign currency translation | 16 | 8 | 13 | — | — | 37
Balance at September 28, 2013 | 36 | 4,376 | 2,717 | — | $ | — | 7,129
Charged to expense - 2014 plan | 5,440 | 5,438 | — | — | — | 10,878
Cash payments - 2013 plan | (35 | ) | (4,014 | ) | (2,452 | ) | — | — | (6,501 | )
Foreign currency translation | (2 | ) | (36 | ) | (79 | ) | — | — | (117 | )
Balance at September 27, 2014 | 5,439 | 5,764 | 186 | — | — | 11,389
Charged to expense - 2015 plan | 2,955 | 6,324 | 4,678 | 878 | 142 | 14,977
Adjustments to provision | (407 | ) | (309 | ) | — | — | — | (716 | )
Cash payments - 2013 plan | — | (490 | ) | — | — | — | (490 | )
Cash payments - 2014 plan | (4,833 | ) | (3,822 | ) | (178 | ) | — | — | (8,833 | )
Cash payments - 2015 plan | (80 | ) | (167 | ) | (679 | ) | (761 | ) | — | (1,687 | )
Foreign currency translation | (27 | ) | (63 | ) | (4 | ) | — | — | (94 | )
Balance at October 3, 2015 | $ | 3,047 | $ | 7,237 | $ | 4,003 | $ | 117 | $ | 142 | $ | 14,546 Payments related to the 2013 plan were paid in full as of April 4, 2015 . As of October 3, 2015 , the restructuring accrual consists of $1,452 for the 2014 plan, a portion of which is classified as long-term liabilities based on payment arrangements, and $13,094 for the 2015 plan, which is expected to be paid by December 31, 2016 . 59 Table of Contents Note 11 - Employee Benefit Plans We maintain multiple employee benefit plans, covering employees at certain locations. Our qualified U.S. defined benefit pension plan is not open to new entrants. New employees are not eligible to participate in the pension plan. Instead, we make contributions for those employees to an employee-directed investment fund in the Moog Inc. Retirement Savings Plan ("RSP"). The Company’s contributions are based on a percentage of the employee’s eligible compensation and age. These contributions are in addition to the employer match on voluntary employee contributions. The RSP includes an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. As one of the investment alternatives, participants in the RSP can acquire our stock at market value. We match 25% of the first 2% of eligible compensation contributed to any investment selection. Shares are allocated and compensation expense is recognized as the employer share match is earned. At October 3, 2015 , the participants in the RSP owned 459,928 Class A shares and 1,465,324 Class B shares. The changes in projected benefit obligations and plan assets and the funded status of the U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit plans are as follows: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans
2015 | 2014 | 2015 | 2014
Change in projected benefit obligation:
Projected benefit obligation at prior year measurement date | $ | 784,203 | $ | 678,063 | $ | 188,942 | $ | 169,980
Service cost | 23,635 | 21,571 | 6,087 | 5,533
Interest cost | 34,031 | 33,354 | 4,814 | 5,984
Contributions by plan participants | — | — | 774 | 1,014
Actuarial losses | 35,064 | 74,369 | 4,639 | 22,702
Foreign currency exchange impact | — | — | (19,149 | ) | (10,237 | )
Benefits paid from plan assets | (22,612 | ) | (20,032 | ) | (2,186 | ) | (2,697 | )
Benefits paid by Moog | (2,508 | ) | (1,883 | ) | (2,312 | ) | (2,985 | )
Other | (822 | ) | (1,239 | ) | (1,498 | ) | (352 | )
Projected benefit obligation at measurement date | $ | 850,991 | $ | 784,203 | $ | 180,111 | $ | 188,942
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of assets at prior year measurement date | $ | 585,677 | $ | 498,918 | $ | 120,754 | $ | 98,625
Actual return on plan assets | (28,435 | ) | 50,630 | 4,437 | 11,631
Employer contributions | 47,666 | 59,283 | 8,208 | 20,655
Contributions by plan participants | — | — | 774 | 1,014
Benefits paid | (25,120 | ) | (21,915 | ) | (4,498 | ) | (5,682 | )
Foreign currency exchange impact | — | — | (10,983 | ) | (5,425 | )
Other | (1,005 | ) | (1,239 | ) | (999 | ) | (64 | )
Fair value of assets at measurement date | $ | 578,783 | $ | 585,677 | $ | 117,693 | $ | 120,754
Funded status and amount recognized in assets and liabilities | $ | (272,208 | ) | $ | (198,526 | ) | $ | (62,418 | ) | $ | (68,188 | )
Amount recognized in assets and liabilities:
Other assets - non-current | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 220 | $ | 4,191
Accrued and long-term pension liabilities | (272,208 | ) | (198,526 | ) | (62,638 | ) | (72,379 | )
Amount recognized in assets and liabilities | $ | (272,208 | ) | $ | (198,526 | ) | $ | (62,418 | ) | $ | (68,188 | )
Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, before taxes:
Prior service cost (credit) | $ | 881 | $ | 846 | $ | (737 | ) | $ | (363 | )
Actuarial losses | 386,759 | 298,534 | 38,869 | 40,254
Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, before taxes | $ | 387,640 | $ | 299,380 | $ | 38,132 | $ | 39,891 Our stock included in U.S. plan assets consisted of 149,022 shares of Class A common stock and 1,001,034 shares of Class B common stock. Our funding policy is to contribute at least the amount required by law in the respective countries. 60 Table of Contents The total accumulated benefit obligation as of the measurement date for all defined benefit pension plans was $941,266 in 2015 and $877,846 in 2014 . At the measurement date in 2015 , our plans had fair values of plan assets totaling $696,476 . At the measurement date in 2015 , three of our plans had fair values of plan assets totaling $62,070 , which exceeded their accumulated benefit obligations of $54,603 . At the measurement date in 2014 , three of our plans had fair values of plan assets totaling $78,643 , which exceeded their accumulated benefit obligations of $67,423 . The following table provides aggregate information for the other pension plans, which have projected benefit obligations or accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Projected benefit obligation | $ | 968,848 | $ | 895,302
Accumulated benefit obligation | 886,663 | 810,424
Fair value of plan assets | 634,406 | 627,788 Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of the measurement dates and weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost are as follows: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans
2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Assumptions for net periodic benefit cost:
Discount rate | 4.4 | % | 5.0 | % | 3.7 | % | 3.1 | % | 3.7 | % | 4.0 | %
Return on assets | 8.0 | % | 8.4 | % | 8.6 | % | 4.5 | % | 4.1 | % | 4.5 | %
Rate of compensation increase | 4.1 | % | 4.1 | % | 4.1 | % | 3.0 | % | 2.8 | % | 2.9 | %
Assumptions for benefit obligations:
Discount rate | 4.5 | % | 4.4 | % | 5.0 | % | 3.0 | % | 3.1 | % | 3.6 | %
Rate of compensation increase | 4.1 | % | 4.1 | % | 4.1 | % | 3.0 | % | 2.7 | % | 2.8 | % Pension plan investment policies and strategies are developed on a plan specific basis, which varies by country. The overall objective for the long-term expected return on both domestic and international plan assets is to earn a rate of return over time to meet anticipated benefit payments in accordance with plan provisions. The long-term investment objective of both the domestic and international retirement plans is to maintain the economic value of plan assets and future contributions by producing positive rates of investment return after subtracting inflation, benefit payments and expenses. Each of the plan’s strategic asset allocations is based on this long-term perspective and short-term fluctuations are viewed with appropriate perspective. The U.S. qualified defined benefit plan’s assets are invested for long-term investment results. To accommodate the long-term investment horizon while providing appropriate liquidity, the plan maintains a liquid cash reserve of one-month to three-months of benefit distributions. Its assets are broadly diversified to help alleviate the risk of adverse returns in any one security or investment class. The international plans’ assets are invested in both low-risk and high-risk investments in order to achieve the long-term investment strategy objective. Investment risks for both domestic and international plans are considered within the context of the entire plan, rather than on a security-by-security basis. The U.S. qualified defined benefit plan and certain international plans have investment committees that are responsible for formulating investment policies, developing manager guidelines and objectives and approving and managing qualified advisors and investment managers. The guidelines established for each of the plans define permitted investments within each asset class and apply certain restrictions such as limits on concentrated holdings in order to meet overall investment objectives. Pension obligations and the related costs are determined using actuarial valuations that involve several assumptions. The return on assets assumption reflects the average rate of return expected on funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. In determining the return on assets assumption, we consider the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes and economic and other indicators of future performance. Asset management objectives include maintaining an adequate level of diversification to reduce interest rate and market risk and to provide adequate liquidity to meet immediate and future benefit payment requirements. 61 Table of Contents In determining our U.S. pension expense for 2015 , we assumed an average rate of return on U.S. pension assets of approximately 8.0% measured over a planning horizon with reasonable and acceptable levels of risk. The rate of return assumed an average of 60% in equity securities, 30% in fixed income securities and 10% in other securities. In determining our non-U.S. pension expense for 2015 , we assumed an average rate of return on non-U.S. pension assets of approximately 4.5% measured over a planning horizon with reasonable and acceptable levels of risk. The rate of return assumed an average asset allocation of 40% in equity securities and 60% in fixed income securities. The weighted average asset allocations by asset category for the pension plans as of October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014 are as follows: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans
Target | 2015 Actual | 2014 Actual | Target | 2015 Actual | 2014 Actual
Asset category:
Equity | 45%-70% | 59% | 54% | 30%-50% | 30% | 30%
Debt | 20%-35% | 31% | 34% | 40%-60% | 42% | 42%
Real estate and other | 10%-20% | 10% | 12% | 10%-30% | 28% | 28% The following tables present the consolidated plan assets using the fair value hierarchy, which is described in Note 9 - Fair Value, as of October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014 . U.S. Plans, October 3, 2015 | Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Shares of registered investment companies:
Non-investment grade | $ | — | $ | 38,517 | $ | — | $ | 38,517
Real assets | — | 35,647 | — | 35,647
Other | — | 78,102 | — | 78,102
Fixed income funds:
U.S. Government obligations | — | 64,441 | — | 64,441
Corporate and other | — | 106,120 | — | 106,120
Employer securities | 62,214 | — | — | 62,214
Interest in common collective trusts | — | 88,870 | — | 88,870
Money market funds | — | 16,887 | — | 16,887
Limited partnerships | — | — | 64,760 | 64,760
Insurance contracts and other | — | — | 23,225 | 23,225
Fair value | $ | 62,214 | $ | 428,584 | $ | 87,985 | $ | 578,783 Non-U.S. Plans, October 3, 2015 | Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Shares of registered investment companies | $ | — | $ | 30,294 | $ | — | $ | 30,294
Domestic equity | 6,142 | 209 | — | 6,351
International equity | 8,806 | — | — | 8,806
Fixed income funds | 5,615 | 35,780 | — | 41,395
Cash and cash equivalents | 252 | 880 | — | 1,132
Insurance contracts and other | — | 779 | 28,936 | 29,715
Fair value | $ | 20,815 | $ | 67,942 | $ | 28,936 | $ | 117,693 62 Table of Contents U.S. Plans, September 27, 2014 | Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Shares of registered investment companies:
Non-investment grade | $ | 66,201 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 66,201
Other | 7,442 | — | — | 7,442
Fixed income funds:
U.S. Government obligations | — | 47,275 | — | 47,275
Corporate and other | — | 82,850 | — | 82,850
Employer securities | 78,874 | — | — | 78,874
Interest in common collective trusts | — | 153,183 | — | 153,183
Money market funds | — | 46,135 | — | 46,135
Limited partnerships | — | — | 81,342 | 81,342
Insurance contracts and other | — | — | 22,375 | 22,375
Fair value | $ | 152,517 | $ | 329,443 | $ | 103,717 | $ | 585,677 Non-U.S. Plans, September 27, 2014 | Level 1 | Level 2 | Level 3 | Total
Shares of registered investment companies | $ | — | $ | 32,819 | $ | — | $ | 32,819
Domestic equity | 6,731 | 195 | — | 6,926
International equity | 8,730 | — | — | 8,730
Fixed income funds | 4,976 | 35,774 | — | 40,750
Cash and cash equivalents | 85 | 497 | — | 582
Insurance contracts and other | — | 764 | 30,183 | 30,947
Fair value | $ | 20,522 | $ | 70,049 | $ | 30,183 | $ | 120,754 The following is a roll forward of the consolidated plan assets classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans | Total
Balance at September 28, 2013 | $ | 92,267 | $ | 25,820 | $ | 118,087
Return on assets | 8,852 | 4,689 | 13,541
Purchases from contributions to Plans | 14,426 | 2,086 | 16,512
Proceeds from sales of investments | (3,511 | ) | — | (3,511 | )
Settlements paid in cash | (8,317 | ) | (250 | ) | (8,567 | )
Foreign currency translation | — | (2,162 | ) | (2,162 | )
Balance at September 27, 2014 | 103,717 | 30,183 | 133,900
Return on assets | 849 | 1,083 | 1,932
Purchases from contributions to Plans | 39,188 | 3,118 | 42,306
Proceeds from sales of investments | (54,479 | ) | — | (54,479 | )
Settlements paid in cash | (1,290 | ) | (1,985 | ) | (3,275 | )
Foreign currency translation | — | (3,463 | ) | (3,463 | )
Balance at October 3, 2015 | $ | 87,985 | $ | 28,936 | $ | 116,921 63 Table of Contents The valuation methodologies used for pension plan assets measured at fair value have been applied consistently. Cash and cash equivalents consist of direct cash holdings and institutional short-term investment vehicles. Direct cash holdings are valued at cost, which approximates fair value. Institutional short-term investment vehicles are valued daily. Investments in U.S. Government obligations are valued by a pricing service based upon closing market prices at year end. Shares of registered investment companies are valued at net asset value of shares held by the plan at year end. Common stocks traded on national exchanges are valued at the last reported sales price. Investments denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using the last reported exchange rate. Fixed income funds are valued using methods, such as dealer quotes, available trade information, spreads, bids and offers provided by a pricing vendor. Investments in insurance contracts are valued at contract value, which is the fair value of the underlying investment of the insurance company. Securities or other assets for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations do not represent the value at the time of pricing (including certain illiquid securities) are fair valued in accordance with procedures established under the supervision and responsibility of the Custodian of that investment. Such procedures may include the use of independent pricing services or affiliated advisor pricing, which use prices based upon yields or prices of securities of comparable quality, coupon, maturity and type, indications as to values from dealers, operating data and general market conditions. The following table summarizes investments measured at fair value based on net asset value (NAV) per share as of October 3, 2015 : Unfunded Commitments | Redemption Frequency | Redemption Notice Period
Interest in common collective trusts (1) | $ | — | Daily, Weekly | 0-5 days
Insurance contracts and other (2) | — | Quarterly | 90 days
Limited partnerships (3) | 12,300 | Varies | 15-45 days
Total | $ | 12,300 (1) | Interest in common collective trusts consist of pools of investments used by institutional investors to obtain exposure to equity and fixed income markets. Common collective trusts held by us invest primarily in investment grade fixed income securities, common stock and real property assets. (2) | Insurance contracts and other includes hedge funds held by us, which invest primarily in global equity long and short positions. The primary strategy for the hedge funds is to seek risk-adjusted returns with volatility lower than the broad equity markets primarily through long and short investment opportunities in the global markets. (3) | Investments in limited partnerships held by us invest primarily in emerging markets, equity and equity related securities. The strategy for the partnerships is to have exposure to certain markets or to securities that are judged to achieve superior earnings growth and/or judged undervalued relative to intrinsic value. The preceding methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, although we believe the valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. Pension expense for all defined benefit plans is as follows: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans
2015 | 2014 | 2013 | 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Service cost | $ | 23,635 | $ | 21,571 | $ | 26,856 | $ | 6,087 | $ | 5,533 | $ | 4,874
Interest cost | 34,031 | 33,354 | 28,818 | 4,814 | 5,984 | 5,750
Expected return on plan assets | (47,136 | ) | (43,374 | ) | (41,340 | ) | (5,166 | ) | (4,487 | ) | (3,789 | )
Amortization of prior service cost (credit) | 149 | 149 | 8 | (70 | ) | (57 | ) | (51 | )
Amortization of actuarial loss | 22,355 | 16,346 | 27,604 | 2,289 | 1,398 | 1,589
Settlement loss | 54 | 37 | — | 77 | — | 245
Pension expense for defined benefit plans | 33,088 | 28,083 | 41,946 | 8,031 | 8,371 | 8,618 Expense for the defined contribution plans were $13,621 , $13,196 and $11,223 for the U.S. Plans and $6,570 , $6,458 and $5,672 for the Non-U.S. Plans for 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. The estimated net prior service cost and net actuarial loss that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost for pension plans in 2016 are $111 and $28,778 , respectively. 64 Table of Contents Benefits expected to be paid to the participants of the plans are: U.S. Plans | Non-U.S. Plans
2016 | $ | 27,865 | $ | 5,576
2017 | 31,136 | 5,564
2018 | 33,965 | 5,901
2019 | 36,625 | 6,281
2020 | 39,725 | 5,938
Five years thereafter | 249,182 | 41,127 We presently anticipate contributing approximately $68,000 to the U.S. plans and $6,700 to the non-U.S. plans in 2016 . We provide postretirement health care benefits to certain domestic retirees, who were hired prior to October 1, 1989. There are no plan assets. The transition obligation was fully amortized in 2013 . The changes in the accumulated benefit obligation of this unfunded plan for 2015 and 2014 are shown in the following table: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Change in Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO):
APBO at prior year measurement date | $ | 15,331 | $ | 14,370
Service cost | 226 | 225
Interest cost | 576 | 624
Contributions by plan participants | 2,228 | 1,725
Benefits paid | (2,795 | ) | (2,513 | )
Actuarial losses (gains) | (3,034 | ) | 900
APBO at measurement date | $ | 12,532 | $ | 15,331
Funded status | $ | (12,532 | ) | $ | (15,331 | )
Accrued postretirement benefit liability | $ | 12,532 | $ | 15,331
Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, before taxes:
Actuarial losses (gains) | 5,232 | (2,303 | )
Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, before taxes | $ | 5,232 | $ | (2,303 | ) The cost of the postretirement benefit plan is as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Service cost | $ | 226 | $ | 225 | $ | 292
Interest cost | 576 | 624 | 549
Amortization of transition obligation | — | — | 361
Amortization of actuarial gain | (106 | ) | (261 | ) | —
Net periodic postretirement benefit cost | $ | 696 | $ | 588 | $ | 1,202 As of the measurement date, the assumed discount rate used in the accounting for the postretirement benefit obligation was 3.9% in 2015 , 3.9% in 2014 and 4.5% in 2013 . As of the measurement date, the assumed discount rate used in the accounting for the net periodic postretirement benefit cost was 4.5% in 2015 , 4.5% in 2014 and 3.3% in 2013 . 65 Table of Contents For measurement purposes, a 7.0% , 6.7% and 7.2% annual per capita rate of increase of medical and drug costs before age 65, medical costs after age 65 and drug costs after age 65, respectively, were assumed for 2016 , all gradually decreasing to 4.5% for 2028 and years thereafter. A one percentage point increase in this rate would increase our accumulated postretirement benefit obligation as of the measurement date in 2015 by $384 , while a one percentage point decrease in this rate would decrease our accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $359 . There would be no material effect on the total service cost and interest cost components of the net periodic postretirement benefit cost given a one percentage point increase or decrease in this rate. Employee and management profit sharing reflects a discretionary payment based on our financial performance. Profit share expense was $13,188 , $22,030 and $14,950 in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. 66 Table of Contents Note 12 - Income Taxes The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to earnings before income taxes is as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Earnings before income taxes:
Domestic | $ | 79,839 | $ | 107,395 | $ | 83,962
Foreign | 104,132 | 111,716 | 80,559
Eliminations | (137 | ) | (188 | ) | 485
Total | $ | 183,834 | $ | 218,923 | $ | 165,006
Federal statutory income tax rate | 35.0 | % | 35.0 | % | 35.0 | %
Computed expected tax expense | $ | 64,342 | $ | 76,623 | $ | 57,752
Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from:
R&D tax credits | (3,046 | ) | (1,105 | ) | (3,271 | )
Foreign tax rates | (10,759 | ) | (13,034 | ) | (10,726 | )
Export and manufacturing incentives | (1,323 | ) | (1,803 | ) | (3,400 | )
State taxes, net of federal benefit | 1,534 | 2,236 | 1,921
Change in valuation allowance for deferred taxes | 2,003 | 1,477 | 2,231
Change in enacted tax rates | (590 | ) | (1,160 | ) | —
Other | (210 | ) | (2,509 | ) | 2
Income taxes | $ | 51,951 | $ | 60,725 | $ | 44,509
Effective income tax rate | 28.3 | % | 27.7 | % | 27.0 | % At October 3, 2015 , various subsidiaries had tax benefit carryforwards totaling $36,936 . Some of these tax benefit carryforwards do not expire and can be used to reduce current taxes otherwise due on future earnings of those subsidiaries. The change in the valuation allowance relates to tax benefit carryforwards reflecting recent and projected financial performance, tax planning strategies and statutory tax carryforward periods. No provision has been made for U.S. federal or foreign taxes on that portion of certain foreign subsidiaries’ undistributed earnings ( $860,229 at October 3, 2015 ) considered to be permanently reinvested. It is not practicable to determine the amount of tax that would be payable if these amounts were repatriated to the U.S. The components of income taxes are as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Current:
Federal | $ | 12,065 | $ | 25,325 | $ | 29,345
Foreign | 25,844 | 28,074 | 18,835
State | 1,051 | 2,305 | 4,545
Total current | 38,960 | 55,704 | 52,725
Deferred:
Federal | 10,800 | 5,034 | (7,542 | )
Foreign | 882 | (1,148 | ) | 914
State | 1,309 | 1,135 | (1,588 | )
Total deferred | 12,991 | 5,021 | (8,216 | )
Income taxes | $ | 51,951 | $ | 60,725 | $ | 44,509 67 Table of Contents Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent, in part, upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making its assessment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets. The tax effects of temporary differences that generated deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Deferred tax assets:
Benefit accruals | $ | 210,241 | $ | 189,420
Inventory reserves | 32,948 | 31,270
Tax benefit carryforwards | 11,304 | 13,256
Contract loss reserves not currently deductible | 9,049 | 9,943
Other accrued expenses | 17,676 | 18,849
Total gross deferred tax assets | 281,218 | 262,738
Less valuation allowance | (6,642 | ) | (5,316 | )
Total net deferred tax assets | 274,576 | 257,422
Deferred tax liabilities:
Differences in bases and depreciation of property, plant and equipment | 162,661 | 164,817
Pension | 70,273 | 70,124
Other | — | 486
Total gross deferred tax liabilities | 232,934 | 235,427
Net deferred tax assets | $ | 41,642 | $ | 21,995 Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the balance sheet as follows: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Current assets | $ | 91,210 | $ | 92,390
Other assets | 11,158 | 14,083
Other accrued liabilities | (517 | ) | (547 | )
Long-term liabilities | (60,209 | ) | (83,931 | )
Net deferred tax assets | $ | 41,642 | $ | 21,995 We have unrecognized tax benefits which, if ultimately recognized, will reduce our annual effective tax rate. A reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, is as follows: October 3, 2015 | September 27, 2014
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 1,793 | $ | 1,533
Increases as a result of tax positions for prior years | — | 338
Reductions as a result of lapse of statute of limitations | (609 | ) | —
Settlement of tax positions | — | (78 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | 1,184 | $ | 1,793 We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and in various states and foreign jurisdictions. Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and require the application of significant judgment. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2011. The statute of limitations in several jurisdictions will expire in the next twelve months and we will have $700 of unrecognized tax benefits recognized if the statute of limitations expires without the relevant taxing authority examining the applicable returns. We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We had accrued interest and penalties of $1,019 and $1,699 at October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014 , respectively. We expensed interest of $208 and $348 for 2015 and 2014 , respectively. 68 Table of Contents Note 13 - Shareholders’ Equity Class A and Class B common stock share equally in our earnings and are identical with certain exceptions. Other than on matters relating to the election of directors or as required by law where the holders of Class A and Class B shares vote as separate classes, Class A shares have limited voting rights, with each share of Class A being entitled to one-tenth of a vote on most matters, and each share of Class B being entitled to one vote. Class A shareholders are entitled, subject to certain limitations, to elect at least 25% of the Board of Directors (rounded up to the nearest whole number) with Class B shareholders entitled to elect the balance of the directors. No cash dividend may be paid on Class B shares unless at least an equal cash dividend is paid on Class A shares. Class B shares are convertible at any time into Class A shares on a one-for-one basis at the option of the shareholder. The number of common shares issued reflects conversion of Class B to Class A of 11,087 in 2015 , 14,471 in 2014 and 37,936 in 2013 . Class A shares reserved for issuance at October 3, 2015 are as follows: Shares
Conversion of Class B to Class A shares | 7,641,095
2014 Long Term Incentive Plan | 2,000,000
2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan | 1,373,544
2003 Stock Option Plan | 255,883
Class A shares reserved for issuance | 11,270,522 We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors may authorize, without further shareholder action, the issuance of additional preferred stock which ranks senior to both classes of our common stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation. The preferred stock, when issued, would have such designations relative to voting and conversion rights, preferences, privileges and limitations as determined by the Board of Directors. 69 Table of Contents Note 14 - Equity-Based Compensation We have equity-based compensation plans that authorize the issuance of equity-based awards for shares of Class A and Class B common stock to directors, officers and key employees. Equity-based compensation grants are designed to reward long-term contributions to Moog and provide incentives for recipients to remain with Moog. Equity-based compensation expense is based on share-based payment awards that are ultimately expected to vest. Vesting requirements vary for directors, officers and key employees. In general, options and stock appreciation rights (SARs) granted to outside directors vest one year from the date of grant, options granted to officers vest on various schedules, options granted to key employees vest in equal annual increments over a period of five years from the date of grant and SARs granted to officers and key employees vest in equal annual installments over a period of three years from the date of grant. The fair value of equity-based awards granted was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The following table provides the range of assumptions used to value equity-based awards and the weighted-average fair value of the awards granted. 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Expected volatility | 24% - 38% | 29% - 39% | 34% - 40%
Risk-free rate | .9% - 1.9% | .7% - 2.0% | .4% - 1.1%
Expected dividends | — | % | — | % | — | %
Expected term | 3-7 years | 3-7 years | 3-7 years
Weighted-average fair value of awards granted | $ | 28.71 | $ | 23.74 | $ | 14.10 To determine expected volatility, we generally use historical volatility based on weekly closing prices of our Class A common stock over periods that correlate with the expected terms of the awards granted. The risk-free rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve at the time of grant for the appropriate term of the awards granted. Expected dividends are based on our history and expectation of dividend payouts. The expected term of equity-based awards is based on vesting schedules, expected exercise patterns and contractual terms. On January 7, 2015, shareholders approved the 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan. The 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan authorizes the issuance of a total of 2,000,000 shares of either Class A or Class B common stock. The 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan is intended to provide a flexible framework that permits the development and implementation of a variety of stock-based programs that base awards on key performance metrics as well as align our long term incentive compensation with our peers and shareholder interests. The 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (2008 Plan) authorizes the issuance of 4,000,000 SARs, which represent the right to receive shares of Class A common stock. The exercise price of the SARs, determined by a committee of the Board of Directors, may not be less than the fair market value of the Class A common stock on the grant date. The number of shares received upon exercise of a SAR is equal in value to the difference between the fair market value of the Class A common stock on the exercise date and the exercise price of the SAR. The term of a SAR may not exceed ten years from the grant date. The 2003 Stock Option Plan (2003 Plan) authorizes the issuance of options for 1,350,000 shares of Class A common stock. The 1998 Stock Option Plan (1998 Plan) authorizes the issuance of options for 2,025,000 shares of Class A common stock. Under the terms of the plans, options may be either incentive or non-qualified. Options outstanding as of October 3, 2015 consisted of both incentive options and non-qualified options. The exercise price, determined by a committee of the Board of Directors, may not be less than the fair market value of the Class A common stock on the grant date. Options become exercisable over periods not exceeding ten years. 70 Table of Contents Options and SARs are as follows: 1998 Stock Option Plan | Stock Options/SARs | Weighted- Average Exercise Price | Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life | Aggregate Intrinsic Value
Outstanding at September 29, 2012 | 157,861 | 15.45
Exercised in 2013 | (107,237 | ) | 13.42
Outstanding at September 28, 2013 | 50,624 | 19.74
Exercised in 2014 | (50,624 | ) | 19.74
Outstanding at September 27, 2014 | — | $ | — | 0 years | $ | — 2003 Stock Option Plan
Outstanding at September 29, 2012 | 1,104,334 | $ | 33.05
Exercised in 2013 | (341,822 | ) | 30.20
Expired in 2013 | (20,250 | ) | 42.45
Outstanding at September 28, 2013 | 742,262 | 34.11
Exercised in 2014 | (139,974 | ) | 32.22
Outstanding at September 27, 2014 | 602,288 | 34.55
Exercised in 2015 | (346,405 | ) | 32.89
Outstanding at October 3, 2015 | 255,883 | $ | 36.81 | 1.3 years | $ | 4,530
Exercisable at October 3, 2015 | 189,305 | $ | 38.68 | 1.6 years | $ | 2,997
Total Stock Option Plans
Outstanding at October 3, 2015 | 255,883 | $ | 36.81
Exercisable at October 3, 2015 | 189,305 | $ | 38.68 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan
Outstanding at September 29, 2012 | 1,468,165 | $ | 36.43
Granted in 2013 | 460,791 | 36.41
Exercised in 2013 | (235,715 | ) | 33.71
Outstanding at September 28, 2013 | 1,693,241 | 36.80
Granted in 2014 | 233,000 | 61.69
Exercised in 2014 | (298,213 | ) | 35.66
Forfeited in 2014 | (4,000 | ) | 39.12
Outstanding at September 27, 2014 | 1,624,028 | 40.57
Granted in 2015 | 192,000 | 74.38
Exercised in 2015 | (403,653 | ) | 37.57
Expired in 2015 | (668 | ) | 61.69
Forfeited in 2015 | (38,163 | ) | 50.30
Outstanding at October 3, 2015 | 1,373,544 | $ | 45.90 | 6.3 years | $ | 17,017
Exercisable at October 3, 2015 | 956,523 | $ | 39.63 | 5.5 years | $ | 14,916 The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding tables represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on our closing price of Class A common stock of $54.51 as of October 3, 2015 . That value would have been effectively received by the option and SAR holders had all option and SAR holders exercised their options and SARs as of that date. 71 Table of Contents The intrinsic value of awards exercised and fair value of awards vested are as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
1998 Stock Option Plan
Intrinsic value of options exercised | $ | — | $ | 2,134 | $ | 2,585
Total fair value of options vested | $ | — | $ | 28 | $ | 27
2003 Stock Option Plan
Intrinsic value of options exercised | $ | 14,205 | $ | 4,843 | $ | 6,199
Total fair value of options vested | $ | 981 | $ | 981 | $ | 399
2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan
Intrinsic value of SARs exercised | $ | 14,566 | $ | 9,534 | $ | 3,368
Total fair value of SARs vested | $ | 5,424 | $ | 7,633 | $ | 5,199 As of October 3, 2015 , total unvested compensation expense associated with stock options amounted to $40 and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of one year, and total unvested compensation expense associated with SARs amounted to $2,080 and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of two years. Note 15 - Stock Employee Compensation Trust and Supplemental Retirement Plan Trust The Stock Employee Compensation Trust (SECT) assists in administering and provides funding for equity-based compensation plans and benefit programs, including the Moog Inc. Retirement Savings Plan (RSP). The Supplemental Retirement Plan (SERP) Trust provides funding for benefits under the Moog Inc. SERP. Both the SECT and the SERP Trusts hold shares as investments. The shares in the SECT and SERP Trusts are not considered outstanding for purposes of calculating earnings per share. However, in accordance with the trust agreements governing the SECT and SERP Trusts, the trustees vote all shares held by the SECT and SERP Trusts on all matters submitted to shareholders. Note 16 - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) The changes in AOCI, net of tax, by component are as follows: Accumulated foreign currency translation | Accumulated retirement liability | Accumulated gain (loss) on derivatives | Total
AOCI at September 28, 2013 | $ | 40,572 | $ | (173,695 | ) | $ | (1,035 | ) | $ | (134,158 | )
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications | (31,318 | ) | (52,275 | ) | (1,377 | ) | (84,970 | )
Amounts reclassified from AOCI | — | 10,986 | 1,304 | 12,290
Other comprehensive loss | (31,318 | ) | (41,289 | ) | (73 | ) | (72,680 | )
AOCI at September 27, 2014 | 9,254 | (214,984 | ) | (1,108 | ) | (206,838 | )
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications | (82,042 | ) | (67,432 | ) | (2,848 | ) | (152,322 | )
Amounts reclassified from AOCI | — | 15,506 | 1,919 | 17,425
Other comprehensive loss | (82,042 | ) | (51,926 | ) | (929 | ) | (134,897 | )
AOCI at October 3, 2015 | $ | (72,788 | ) | $ | (266,910 | ) | $ | (2,037 | ) | $ | (341,735 | ) 72 Table of Contents The amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings are as follows: Statement of earnings classification | 2015 | 2014
Retirement liability:
Prior service cost (credit) | $ | 98 | $ | (79 | )
Actuarial losses | 24,457 | 17,479
Reclassification from AOCI into earnings | 24,555 | 17,400
Tax effect | (9,049 | ) | (6,414 | )
Net reclassification from AOCI into earnings | $ | 15,506 | $ | 10,986
Derivatives:
Foreign currency forwards | Sales | $ | 233 | $ | (192 | )
Foreign currency forwards | Cost of sales | 1,333 | 1,751
Interest rate swaps | Interest | 1,378 | 655
Reclassification from AOCI into earnings | 2,944 | 2,214
Tax effect | (1,025 | ) | (910 | )
Net reclassification from AOCI into earnings | $ | 1,919 | $ | 1,304 The amounts deferred in AOCI are as follows: Statement of earnings classification | Net deferral in AOCI - effective portion
2015 | 2014
Retirement liability:
Net actuarial loss during period | $ | (109,148 | ) | $ | (81,288 | )
Tax effect | 41,716 | 29,013
Net deferral in AOCI of retirement liability | $ | (67,432 | ) | $ | (52,275 | )
Derivatives:
Foreign currency forwards | Sales | $ | (386 | ) | $ | 3
Foreign currency forwards | Cost of sales | (1,527 | ) | (1,797 | )
Interest rate swaps | Interest | (2,431 | ) | (422 | )
Net loss | (4,344 | ) | (2,216 | )
Tax effect | 1,496 | 839
Net deferral in AOCI of derivatives | $ | (2,848 | ) | $ | (1,377 | ) 73 Table of Contents Note 17 - Segments During 2015, we made a change to our segment reporting. Components now includes the sensor and handpieces product line, which we previously included in the Medical Devices segment. This product line consists of manufactured ultrasonic and optical sensors as well as surgical handpieces distributed to medical OEMs. Since the customer base is different from the sale of medical pumps directly to end users, the chief operating decision maker is now reviewing performance and assessing the allocation of resources of this product line as part of the Components segment. Sales of sensors and handpieces were $25,079 , $24,763 and $23,144 in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. All amounts, including goodwill, have been restated to present sensors and handpieces within Components. Goodwill was allocated based on the relative fair value of the sensor and handpieces business compared to the Medical Devices segment prior to its transfer to Components. Aircraft Controls. We design, manufacture and integrate primary and secondary flight controls for military and commercial aircraft and provide aftermarket support. Our systems are used on both development and production programs in large commercial transports, supersonic fighters, multi-role military aircraft, business jets and rotorcraft. We also supply ground-based navigation aids. We are currently working on the KC-46 military air refueling tanker on the military side, and the Airbus A350XWB, COMAC C919, the Bell 525 Helicopter and the Embraer E-Jet E2 family on the commercial side. Typically development programs require concentrated periods of research and development by our engineering teams, while production programs are generally long-term manufacturing efforts that extend for as long as the aircraft builder receives new orders. In the past few years, a number of significant programs have begun to transition from the development phase to initial low-rate production, including the Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter on the military side, and the Boeing 787, Gulfstream G650 and G280 on the commercial side. In terms of mature production programs, our large military programs include the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, the V-22 Osprey tiltrotor and the Black Hawk UH-60/Seahawk SH-60 helicopter, while our large commercial production programs include the full line of Boeing 7-series aircraft, Airbus A330 and A380 and a variety of business jets. Aftermarket sales, which represented 30% , 32% and 32% of 2015 , 2014 and 2013 sales, respectively, for this segment consist of the maintenance, repair, overhaul and parts supply for both military and commercial aircraft. Further, we sell spare parts and line replaceable units to both military and commercial customers that they store throughout the world in order to minimize down time. Space and Defense Controls. We provide controls for satellites, space vehicles, launch vehicles, armored combat vehicles, tactical and strategic missiles, security and surveillance and other defense applications. Within our space market, we design, manufacture and integrate commercial and military satellite positioning controls. These propulsion and actuation systems and the components control attitude, orbit insertion, solar panels and antennas. We also design, manufacture and integrate steering and propulsion controls for space launch vehicles, such as the Atlas, Delta and Ariane platforms. Additionally, we design and manufacture spaceflight electronics and software. We are also developing new control products and systems for a variety of programs related to manned spaceflight including: NASA's new Space Launch System, Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle and Soft Capture System. Within our defense market, we design controls for gun aiming, stabilization and automatic ammunition loading for armored combat vehicles for a variety of domestic and international customers. We also design controls for steering tactical and strategic missiles including: Lockheed Martin's Hellfire ® , the U.S. National Missile Defense Agency's Ballistic Missile Defense initiatives and Raytheon's TOW and Trident missiles. We also design, build and integrate weapons stores management systems for light attack aerial reconnaissance, ground and sea platforms, as well as build high power, quiet controls for naval surface ship and submarine applications such as the US Virginia Class. Our sensor and surveillance systems products are used in both military and commercial applications such as electrical grid and other critical infrastructure protection applications. 74 Table of Contents Industrial Systems. Our Industrial Systems segment serves a global customer base across a variety of markets. In the industrial automation market, we design manufacture and integrate systems for industrial automation customers for applications in injection and blow molding machinery, metal forming presses and heavy industry customers in steel and aluminum production. Our systems allow for precise controls of critical parameters in the industrial manufacturing processes, using both hydraulic and electric technology. Other industrial automation markets we serve include material handling and paper and lumber mills. In the energy market, we supply solutions for power generation applications which allow for precise control and greater safety of fuel metering and guide vane positioning on steam and gas turbines. We also design and manufacture high reliability systems and components for applications in oil and gas exploration and production, including downhole drilling, topside and subsea environments, as well as electric pitch controls and blade monitoring systems for wind turbines. In the simulation and test market, we supply electromechanical motion simulation bases for the flight simulation and training markets, as well as medical training simulators. For the test markets, we supply custom test systems and controls for automotive, structural and fatigue testing. Components. Our Components segment serves many of the same markets as our other segments. Our Components segment’s three largest product categories are slip rings, fiber optic rotary joints and motors. Slip rings and fiber optic rotary joints use sliding contacts and optical technology to allow unimpeded rotation while delivering power and data through a rotating interface. They come in a range of sizes that allow them to be used in many applications, including diagnostic imaging CT scan medical equipment, blade de-icing and data transfer for rotorcraft, remotely operated vehicles and floating platforms for offshore oil exploration, surveillance cameras, forward-looking infrared camera installations and radar pedestals, satellites, missiles and wind turbines. Our motors are used in an equally broad range of markets, many of which are the same as for slip rings. We design and manufacture a series of fractional horsepower brushless motors that provide extremely low acoustic noise and reliable long life operation, with the largest market being sleep apnea equipment. Industrial customers use our motors for material handling and electric pumps. Military programs use our motors for gimbals, missiles and radar pedestals. Our Components’ segment's other product lines include electromechanical actuators for military, aerospace and commercial applications, fiber optic modems that provide electrical-to-optical conversion of communication and data signals, avionic instrumentation, subsea navigation and control systems, acoustic sensors and sonars for energy and marine applications including remotely-operated underwater vehicles, optical switches and resolvers, ultrasonic and optical sensors and surgical hand pieces used in medical applications. Medical Devices. Our Medical Devices segment operates within two areas: infusion therapy and enteral clinical nutrition. For infusion therapy, our primary products are electronic ambulatory infusion pumps along with the associated administration sets. Applications of these products include hydration, nutrition, patient-controlled analgesia, local anesthesia, chemotherapy and antibiotics. We manufacture and distribute a complete line of portable pumps, stationary pumps and disposable sets that are used in the delivery of enteral nutrition for patients in their own homes, hospitals and long-term care facilities. 75 Table of Contents Segment information and reconciliations to consolidated amounts are as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Net sales:
Aircraft Controls | $ | 1,086,547 | $ | 1,117,656 | $ | 1,059,587
Space and Defense Controls | 381,444 | 394,505 | 395,945
Industrial Systems | 521,505 | 590,971 | 592,112
Components | 437,468 | 449,891 | 438,572
Medical Devices | 98,568 | 95,362 | 124,095
Net sales | $ | 2,525,532 | $ | 2,648,385 | $ | 2,610,311
Operating profit (loss):
Aircraft Controls | $ | 100,006 | $ | 115,726 | $ | 126,751
Space and Defense Controls | 33,236 | 26,119 | 25,350
Industrial Systems | 45,021 | 58,108 | 42,254
Components | 58,693 | 72,768 | 74,425
Medical Devices | 8,557 | 2,996 | (41,236 | )
Total operating profit | 245,513 | 275,717 | 227,544
Deductions from operating profit:
Interest expense | 28,967 | 12,513 | 26,962
Equity-based compensation expense | 5,074 | 7,189 | 6,620
Corporate and other expenses, net | 27,638 | 37,092 | 28,956
Earnings before income taxes | $ | 183,834 | $ | 218,923 | $ | 165,006
Depreciation and amortization:
Aircraft Controls | $ | 51,385 | $ | 49,021 | $ | 45,547
Space and Defense Controls | 14,054 | 15,735 | 15,470
Industrial Systems | 20,731 | 23,170 | 22,703
Components | 11,438 | 13,638 | 12,833
Medical Devices | 5,138 | 5,829 | 9,171
Corporate | 863 | 1,866 | 2,349
Total depreciation and amortization | $ | 103,609 | $ | 109,259 | $ | 108,073
Identifiable assets:
Aircraft Controls | $ | 1,220,814 | $ | 1,257,099 | $ | 1,268,753
Space and Defense Controls | 440,439 | 480,806 | 514,260
Industrial Systems | 591,367 | 648,580 | 675,115
Components | 484,036 | 520,211 | 515,243
Medical Devices | 123,400 | 137,116 | 160,847
Corporate | 226,415 | 164,640 | 102,877
Total assets | $ | 3,086,471 | $ | 3,208,452 | $ | 3,237,095 Operating profit is net sales less cost of sales and other operating expenses, excluding interest expense, equity-based compensation expense and other corporate expenses. Cost of sales and other operating expenses are directly identifiable to the respective segment or allocated on the basis of sales, manpower or profit. 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Capital expenditures:
Aircraft Controls | $ | 47,389 | $ | 45,243 | $ | 49,859
Space and Defense Controls | 9,022 | 8,992 | 14,401
Industrial Systems | 15,371 | 12,459 | 14,230
Components | 7,016 | 9,018 | 8,166
Medical Devices | 1,355 | 2,798 | 3,659
Corporate | 540 | 261 | 2,859
Total capital expenditures | $ | 80,693 | $ | 78,771 | $ | 93,174 76 Table of Contents Sales, based on the customer’s location, and property, plant and equipment by geographic area are as follows: 2015 | 2014 | 2013
Net sales:
United States | $ | 1,413,877 | $ | 1,485,556 | $ | 1,498,671
Germany | 199,351 | 205,005 | 199,800
Japan | 156,999 | 180,026 | 148,770
United Kingdom | 97,359 | 133,777 | 123,004
Other | 657,946 | 644,021 | 640,066
Net sales | $ | 2,525,532 | $ | 2,648,385 | $ | 2,610,311
Property, plant and equipment, net:
United States | $ | 307,874 | $ | 312,790 | $ | 322,282
United Kingdom | 77,949 | 74,111 | 62,105
Philippines | 68,101 | 72,602 | 75,087
Other | 82,832 | 95,845 | 102,889
Property, plant and equipment, net | $ | 536,756 | $ | 555,348 | $ | 562,363 Sales to Boeing were $399,082 , $431,148 and $366,972 , or 16% , 16% and 14% of sales, in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively, including sales to Boeing Commercial Airplanes of $240,984 , $243,114 and $195,100 in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. Sales arising from U.S. Government prime or sub-contracts, including military sales to Boeing, were $780,259 , $763,004 and $807,728 in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively. Sales to Boeing and the U.S. Government and its prime- or sub-contractors are made primarily from our Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments. 77 Table of Contents Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings. We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings which management believes will result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We are engaged in administrative proceedings with governmental agencies and legal proceedings with governmental agencies and other third parties in the normal course of our business, including litigation under Superfund laws, regarding environmental matters. We believe that adequate reserves have been established for our share of the estimated cost for all currently pending environmental administrative or legal proceedings and do not expect that these environmental matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In the ordinary course of business we could be subject to ongoing claims or disputes from our customers, the ultimate settlement of which could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations. While the receivables and any loss provisions recorded to date reflect management's best estimate of the projected costs to complete a given project, there is still significant effort required to complete the ultimate deliverable. Future variability in internal cost and as well as future profitability is dependent upon a number of factors including deliveries, performance and government budgetary pressures. The inability to achieve a satisfactory contractual solution, further unplanned delays, additional developmental cost growth or variations in any of the estimates used in the existing contract analysis could lead to further loss provisions. Additional losses could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the period in which the loss may be recognized. We lease certain facilities and equipment under operating lease arrangements. These arrangements may include fair market renewal or purchase options. Rent expense under operating leases amounted to $27,764 in 2015 , $26,238 in 2014 and $28,070 in 2013 . Future minimum rental payments required under non-cancellable operating leases are $21,169 in 2016 , $18,959 in 2017 , $16,395 in 2018 , $13,894 in 2019 , $10,129 in 2020 and $46,009 thereafter. We are contingently liable for $16,773 of standby letters of credit issued by a bank to third parties on our behalf at October 3, 2015 . Purchase commitments outstanding at October 3, 2015 are $605,316 , including $19,627 for property, plant and equipment. Note 19 - Quarterly Data - Unaudited 2015 | 1st Qtr. | 2nd Qtr. | 3rd Qtr. | 4th Qtr. | Total
Net sales | $ | 630,523 | $ | 637,246 | $ | 634,539 | $ | 623,224 | $ | 2,525,532
Gross profit | 183,918 | 173,550 | 190,576 | 188,660 | 736,704
Net earnings | 35,265 | 32,093 | 36,331 | 28,194 | 131,883
Net earnings per share:
Basic | $ | 0.87 | $ | 0.81 | $ | 0.95 | $ | 0.76 | $ | 3.39
Diluted | $ | 0.86 | $ | 0.80 | $ | 0.94 | $ | 0.75 | $ | 3.35
2014 | 1st Qtr. | 2nd Qtr. | 3rd Qtr. | 4th Qtr. | Total
Net sales | $ | 643,385 | $ | 649,878 | $ | 683,698 | $ | 671,424 | $ | 2,648,385
Gross profit | 199,309 | 196,818 | 202,267 | 199,182 | 797,576
Net earnings | 32,097 | 37,725 | 48,122 | 40,254 | 158,198
Net earnings per share:
Basic | $ | 0.71 | $ | 0.83 | $ | 1.09 | $ | 0.94 | $ | 3.57
Diluted | $ | 0.70 | $ | 0.82 | $ | 1.08 | $ | 0.93 | $ | 3.52 Note: Quarterly amounts may not add to the total due to rounding. 78 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Moog Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Moog Inc. as of October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 3, 2015. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Moog Inc. at October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 3, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Moog Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 16, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Buffalo, New York November 16, 2015 79 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2015 based upon the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is effective as of October 3, 2015 . Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. /s/ JOHN R. SCANNELL
John R. Scannell
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer) /s/ DONALD R. FISHBACK
Donald R. Fishback
Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) 80 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Moog Inc. We have audited Moog Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Moog Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Moog Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 3, 2015 based on the COSO criteria . We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Moog Inc. as of October 3, 2015 and September 27, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 3, 2015 of Moog Inc. and our report dated November 16, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Buffalo, New York November 16, 2015 81 Table of Contents Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Not applicable. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. See the report appearing under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data of this report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Effective during our first quarter of 2015, we are utilizing the 2013 version of the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Item 9B. | Other Information. Not applicable. 82 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required herein with respect to our directors and certain information required herein with respect to our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the 2015 Proxy. Other information required herein is included in Item 1, Business, under “Executive Officers of the Registrant” of this report. We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. The code of ethics is available upon request without charge by contacting our Chief Financial Officer at 716-652-2000. Item 11. | Executive Compensation. The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2015 Proxy. Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2015 Proxy. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2015 Proxy. Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2015 Proxy. PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Documents filed as part of this report: 1 | Financial Statements
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 2 | Financial Statement Schedules II. | Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. Schedules other than that listed above are omitted because the conditions requiring their filing do not exist or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, including the Notes thereto. 83 Table of Contents 3 | Exhibits (3 | ) | Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws.
(i) | Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Moog Inc., incorporated by reference to exhibit 3(i) of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2013.
(ii) | Restated By-laws of Moog Inc., dated November 30, 2011, as amended, incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.2 of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2011.
(4 | ) | Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures.
(a) | Form of Indenture between Moog Inc. and MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as Trustee, dated November 21, 2014, relating to the 5.25% Senior Notes due 2022, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated November 21, 2014.
(9 | ) | Voting trust agreement.
(a) | Agreement as to Voting, effective November 30, 1983, incorporated by reference to exhibit 9A of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 27, 2014.
(10 | ) | Material contracts.
Credit and Securitization agreements.
(a) | Form of Receivables Purchase Agreement, by and among Moog Receivables LLC, as Seller, Moog Inc., as Servicer, Market Street Funding LLC, as Issuer, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator, dated as of March 5, 2012, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K dated March 9, 2012.
(b) | Second Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 4, 2013, by and among Moog Receivables LLC, as Seller, Moog Inc., as Servicer, Market Street Funding LLC, as Issuer and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K dated March 6, 2013.
(c) | Fifth Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2014, by and among Moog Receivables LLC, as Seller, Moog Inc., as Servicer, Market Street Funding LLC, as Issuer and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K dated February 14, 2014.
(d) | Seventh Amendment to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated February 10, 2015, by and among Moog Receivables LLC, as Seller, Moog Inc. as Servicer, Market Street Funding LLC, as Issuer and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrator, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K dated February 10, 2015.
(e) | Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Moog Inc., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. dated as of March 28, 2013, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated April 1, 2013.
(f) | Amendment No. 1 dated as of May 22, 2014, to the Fourth Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated May 22, 2014.
Management contracts or compensatory plan or arrangement.
(g) | 1998 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of definitive proxy statement filed under Schedule 14A on January 5, 1998.
(h) | 2003 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of definitive proxy statement filed under Schedule 14A on January 9, 2003.
(i) | Forms of Stock Option Agreements under the 1998 Stock Option Plan and 2003 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12 of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 2004.
(j) | 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of definitive proxy statement filed under Schedule 14A on December 10, 2007.
(k) | Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Award Agreement under 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.14 of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 27, 2008.
(l) | First Amendment to the Moog Inc. 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A of definitive proxy statement filed under Schedule 14A on December 13, 2012. 84 Table of Contents (m) | Second Amendment to the Moog Inc. 2008 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan, incorporated by reference to Item 8.01 on Form 8-K dated December 26, 2012.
(n) | 2014 Long Term Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of definitive proxy statement filed under Schedule 14A on December 12, 2014.
(o) | Form of Employment Termination Benefits Agreement between Moog Inc. and Employee-Officers, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10(vii) of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 1999.
(p) | Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Officers, amended and restated May 16, 2002, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10(ii) of our report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2002.
(q) | Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers, directors and key employees, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 2004.
(r) | Description of Management Profit Sharing Program, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 2, 2011.
(s) | Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2013, as amended May 8, 2013, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 3, 2015.
(t) | Amendment No. 1 to the Supplemental Retirement Plan, dated July 28, 2015, effective July 31, 2015, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2015.
Other material contracts.
(u) | Moog Inc. Stock Employee Compensation Trust Agreement amended and restated as of August 13, 2014, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 of our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 3, 2015.
(v) | Moog Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan Trust, as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2015, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2015. All of the exhibits listed above have been filed under Moog Inc., Securities and Exchange Commission file number 1-05129. (21 | ) | Our subsidiaries. (All of which are wholly owned by the Corporation, directly or indirectly, unless otherwise noted.) The names of indirectly owned subsidiaries are indented under the names of their respective parent corporations. 85 Table of Contents Name | State/Country of Incorporation
Animatics GmbH | Germany
Bradford Engineering B.V. | Netherlands
Broad Reach Engineering Company | Delaware
Octant Technologies Inc. | California
Curlin Medical Inc. | Delaware
Moog MDG SRL | Costa Rica
Viltechmeda UAB | Lithuania
ZEVEX, Inc. | Delaware
Harmonic Linear Drives Ltd. (75% owned by Moog Inc.) | England and Wales
Ingenieurburo Pieper GmbH | Germany
Moog Asset Management LLC | Delaware
Moog Australia Pty., Ltd. | Australia
Moog do Brasil Controles Ltda. | Brazil
Moog Controls Corp. | Ohio
Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd. | Hong Kong
Moog Control Systems (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. | People's Republic of China
Moog Industrial Controls (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. | People's Republic of China
Moog Controls (India) Pvt. Ltd. | India
Moog Controls Ltd. | United Kingdom
Moog Fernau Ltd. | United Kingdom
Moog Components Group Limited | United Kingdom
Tritech Holdings Limited | United Kingdom
Tritech International Limited | United Kingdom
Tritech do Brasil Servicos E Equipamentos Submarinos Limitada | Brazil
Moog Norden AB | Sweden
Moog OY | Finland
Moog Wolverhampton Limited | United Kingdom
Moog Europe Holdings Luxembourg SCS | Luxembourg
Focal Technologies Corporation | Nova Scotia
Moog Holding GmbH & Co. KG | Germany
Insensys Holdings Ltd. | United Kingdom
Moog Insensys Limited | United Kingdom
Moog B.V. | Netherlands
Moog GmbH | Germany
Moog Italiana S.r.l. | Italy
Moog Luxembourg S.A.R.L. | Luxembourg
Moog Unna GmbH | Germany
Moog Control Equipment (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. | People's Republic of China
Obshestwo s Ogranizennoi Otwetstwennostju MOOG | Russia
Moog Luxembourg Finance S.A.R.L. | Luxembourg
Moog International Financial Services Center S.a.r.l. | Luxembourg
Moog Verwaltungs GmbH | Germany
Moog Holdings Ltd. | Ireland
Moog Dublin Ltd. | Ireland
Moog UK Cheltenham Ltd. | United Kingdom
Moog Ireland Limited | Ireland
Moog Japan Ltd. | Japan
Moog Korea Ltd. | South Korea
Moog Receivables LLC | Delaware
Moog S.A.R.L. (95% owned by Moog Inc.; 5% owned by Moog GmbH) | France
Moog Singapore Pte. Ltd. | Singapore
Moog India Technology Center Pvt. Ltd. | India
Moog Motion Controls Private Limited | India
Moog Techtron Corp. | Florida
Moog UK Westcott Ltd. | United Kingdom 86 Table of Contents (23) | Consent of Ernst & Young LLP. (Filed herewith)
(31.1) | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith)
(31.2) | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith)
(32.1) | Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith)
(101) | Interactive Data Files (submitted electronically herewith) (101.INS) | XBRL Instance Document
(101.SCH) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
(101.CAL) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
(101.DEF) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
(101.LAB) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
(101.PRE) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section and shall not be part of any registration or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 87 Table of Contents Inc. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts - Fiscal Years 2013 , 2014 and 2015 (dollars in thousands) | Schedule II
Additions | Foreign
Balance at | charged to | exchange | Balance
beginning | costs and | impact | at end
Description | of year | expenses | Deductions | Acquisitions | and other | of year
Fiscal year ended September 28, 2013
Contract loss reserves | $ | 48,428 | $ | 38,717 | $ | 43,567 | $ | 638 | $ | 12 | $ | 44,228
Allowance for doubtful accounts | 5,754 | 1,779 | 3,006 | — | (28 | ) | 4,499
Reserve for inventory valuation | 96,519 | 13,848 | 15,735 | — | (186 | ) | 94,446
Deferred tax valuation allowance | 1,746 | 2,959 | 708 | — | 9 | 4,006
Fiscal year ended September 27, 2014
Contract loss reserves | $ | 44,228 | $ | 35,692 | $ | 43,909 | $ | — | $ | (27 | ) | $ | 35,984
Allowance for doubtful accounts | 4,499 | 3,192 | 3,248 | — | (102 | ) | 4,341
Reserve for inventory valuation | 94,446 | 17,791 | 12,114 | — | (1,576 | ) | 98,547
Deferred tax valuation allowance | 4,006 | 1,585 | 108 | — | (167 | ) | 5,316
Fiscal year ended October 3, 2015
Contract loss reserves | $ | 35,984 | $ | 24,073 | $ | 29,120 | $ | — | $ | (515 | ) | $ | 30,422
Allowance for doubtful accounts | 4,341 | 2,889 | 1,624 | — | (320 | ) | 5,286
Reserve for inventory valuation | 98,547 | 21,117 | 17,652 | — | (2,216 | ) | 99,796
Deferred tax valuation allowance | 5,316 | 2,006 | 15 | — | (665 | ) | 6,642 88 Table of Contents Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Moog Inc. (Registrant) By | /s/ JOHN R. SCANNELL
John R. Scannell
Chief Executive Officer
Date: November 16, 2015 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on November 16, 2015 . /s/ JOHN R. SCANNELL | /s/ WILLIAM G. GISEL, JR.
John R. Scannell | William G. Gisel, Jr.
Chairman of the Board and Director | Director
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ DONALD R. FISHBACK | /s/ PETER J. GUNDERMANN
Donald R. Fishback | Peter J. Gundermann
Director | Director
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ JENNIFER WALTER | /s/ KRAIG H. KAYSER
Jennifer Walter | Kraig H. Kayser
Controller | Director
(Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ RICHARD A. AUBRECHT | /s/ R. BRADLEY LAWRENCE
Richard A. Aubrecht | R. Bradley Lawrence
Director | Director
/s/ ROBERT H. MASKREY | /s/ BRIAN J. LIPKE
Robert H. Maskrey | Brian J. Lipke
Director | Director 89