DEF 14A 1 f50350def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o | Preliminary Proxy Statement
o | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
þ | Definitive Proxy Statement
o | Definitive Additional Materials
o | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): o | No fee required
o | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11 (1 | ) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2 | ) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3 | ) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4 | ) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5 | ) | Total fee paid: o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1 | ) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2 | ) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3 | ) | Filing Party:
(4 | ) | Date Filed: Table of Contents December 8,
 2008 To our stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend our 2009 annual meeting of
 stockholders (“Annual Meeting”) to be held at 455
 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 on Wednesday,
 January 28, 2009 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time. The matters to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described
 in detail in the accompanying notice of the 2009 Annual Meeting
 and proxy statement. The annual meeting materials include the
 Notice, proxy statement, our Annual Report and proxy card, all
 of which are enclosed. Please use this opportunity to contribute to our company by
 voting on the matters to come before this Annual Meeting. Stockholders who hold shares in their own name through our
 transfer agent, Computershare, or who hold physical stock
 certificates can cast their vote online or by telephone. To
 vote online or by telephone, follow the instructions for online
 voting contained within your Annual Meeting materials. If you do
 not wish to vote online or by telephone, please complete, date,
 sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed
 postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting so that your
 shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting. Voting online,
 by telephone or by returning the proxy card does not deprive you
 of your right to attend the Annual Meeting and to vote your
 shares in person. Sincerely, Michael J. Mendes President and Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2009 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY STATEMENT
PROPOSAL NO. 1 -- ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE.
PROPOSAL NO. 2 -- RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP.
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
2008 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
2008 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END
2008 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED
PENSION BENEFITS
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2010 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
OTHER BUSINESS Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 NOTICE OF
 2009 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To our stockholders: Our 2009 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”) will be held at 455 Madison Avenue,
 New York, New York 10022 on Wednesday, January 28,
 2009 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
 upon the following matters: 1. The election of three Class I members to our board
 of directors, each to serve until our 2012 annual meeting of
 stockholders and until his successor has been elected and
 qualified or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.
 Our board of directors intends to present the following nominees
 for election as directors: Michael J. Mendes, Laurence M. Baer
 and Joseph P. Silveira. 2. The ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2009. 3. The transaction of any other business that may properly
 come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
 postponement of the Annual Meeting. These items of business are more fully described in the attached
 proxy statement. Only stockholders of record at the close of
 business on December 1, 2008 are entitled to notice of and
 to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement
 of the Annual Meeting. By order of the board of directors Stephen Kim Secretary San Francisco, California December 8, 2008 Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, by telephone, or by
 completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy
 card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual
 Meeting so that your shares will be represented . Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 PROXY
 STATEMENT December 8,
 2008 The accompanying proxy is solicited on behalf of the board of
 directors of Diamond Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for
 use at the 2009 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held at 455 Madison
 Avenue, New York, New York 10022 on Wednesday, January 28,
 2009 at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Standard Time. This proxy
 statement and the accompanying form of proxy card were first
 mailed to stockholders on or about December 8, 2008. Our
 Annual Report to Stockholders, in addition to our Annual Report
 on Form 10-K, each for the 2008 fiscal year, are enclosed with this proxy
 statement. Record
 Date; Quorum Only holders of record of Diamond Foods common stock as of the
 close of business on December 1, 2008 will be entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the
 record date, we had 16,936,192 shares of common stock
 outstanding and entitled to vote. A majority of the shares
 outstanding on the record date, present in person or represented
 by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of
 business at the Annual Meeting. Effect of
 Abstentions and “Broker Non-Votes” Shares held by a stockholder who indicates on the proxy card
 that he or she wishes to abstain from voting will not be taken
 into account in determining the outcome of the proposal.
 However, those shares are considered present and entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting, and will count toward determining
 whether or not a quorum is present. If a stockholder does not give a proxy to his or her broker with
 instructions as to how to vote the shares, the broker may vote
 those shares on “routine” matters, such as the
 election of directors and the ratification of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm. Shares voted in this manner by a broker
 are counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum and also
 will be counted for the purpose of determining the outcome of
 such “routine” proposals. In the event a broker
 indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary
 authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter,
 referred to as a “broker non-vote,” then those shares
 will not be considered entitled to vote with respect to that
 matter, but will be treated as shares present for the purpose of
 determining the presence of a quorum to transact business at the
 meeting. Voting
 Rights; Required Vote; Quorum Stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common
 stock held as of the record date. Directors will be elected by a
 plurality of the shares of common stock present in person or
 represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
 on the election of directors. Stockholders do not have the right
 to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Approval
 of Proposal No. 2 ratifying the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2009 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
 of the shares represented and voting at the Annual Meeting,
 either in person or by proxy. The inspector of elections
 appointed for the Annual Meeting will separately tabulate the
 relevant affirmative and negative votes, abstentions and broker
 non-votes for each proposal. A majority of the outstanding
 shares, represented at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy,
 is the quorum required to transact business at the Annual
 Meeting. Table of Contents Voting of
 Proxies Most stockholders have three options for submitting their votes,
 by Internet, telephone or mail. If you have Internet access, you
 may submit your proxy by following the “Vote by
 Internet” instructions on the proxy card. If you live in
 the United States or Canada, you may submit your proxy by
 following the “Vote by Telephone” instructions on the
 proxy card. If you complete and properly sign the proxy card you
 receive and return it to us in the prepaid envelope, your shares
 will be voted in accordance with the specifications made on the
 proxy card. If no specification is made on a signed and returned
 proxy card, the shares represented by the proxy will be voted
 “for” the election to the board of directors of each
 of the nominees named on the proxy card, “for”
 ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche
 LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the
 fiscal year ending July 31, 2009 and in the discretion of
 the proxy holders on any other matter that may be properly
 brought before the Annual Meeting. We encourage stockholders
 with Internet access to record their votes on the Internet or,
 alternatively, to vote by telephone . Internet and telephone
 voting is convenient, saves on postage and mailing costs and is
 recorded immediately, minimizing risk that postal delays may
 cause votes to arrive late and therefore not be counted.
 Stockholders who attend the Annual Meeting may vote in person,
 and any previously submitted votes will be superseded by the
 vote cast at the Annual Meeting. Adjournment
 of Annual Meeting If the persons present or represented by proxy at the Annual
 Meeting constitute the holders of less than a majority of the
 outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date, the
 meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of
 obtaining a quorum. Expenses
 of Soliciting Proxies We will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies for the Annual
 Meeting. After the original mailing of the proxy cards and other
 soliciting materials, we and our agents also may solicit proxies
 by mail, telephone, facsimile or email. After the original
 mailing of the proxy cards and other soliciting materials, we
 will request that brokers, custodians, nominees and other record
 holders of our common stock forward copies of the proxy cards
 and other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold
 shares and request authority for the exercise of proxies. We
 will reimburse the record holders for their reasonable expenses
 if they ask us to do so. Revocability
 of Proxies Any person signing a proxy card in the form accompanying this
 proxy statement has the power to revoke it at any time before it
 is voted. Registered holders may revoke a proxy by signing and
 returning a proxy card with a later date, by delivering a
 written notice of revocation to Computershare,
 P.O. Box 43078, Providence, Rhode Island 02940, that
 the proxy is revoked or by attending the Annual Meeting and
 voting in person. The mere presence at the Annual Meeting of a
 stockholder who has previously appointed a proxy will not revoke
 the appointment. Please note, however, that if a
 stockholder’s shares are held of record by a broker, bank
 or other nominee and that stockholder wishes to vote at the
 Annual Meeting, the stockholder must bring to the Annual Meeting
 a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming the
 stockholder’s beneficial ownership of the shares and that
 the broker, bank or other nominee is not voting the shares at
 the Annual Meeting. In the event of multiple online or telephone
 votes by a stockholder, each vote will supersede the previous
 vote and the last vote cast will be deemed to be the final vote
 of the stockholder unless such vote is revoked in person at the
 Annual Meeting. Electronic
 Delivery of Stockholder Communications We encourage you to help us conserve natural resources, as well
 as significantly reduce printing and mailing costs, by signing
 up to receive your stockholder communications electronically via e-mail. With
 electronic delivery, you will be notified via e-mail as
 soon as future Annual Reports and proxy statements are available
 on the Internet, and you can submit your stockholder votes
 online. Electronic delivery also can 2 Table of Contents eliminate duplicate mailings and reduce the amount of bulky
 paper documents you maintain in your personal files. To sign up
 for electronic delivery: Registered Owner (you hold your Diamond Foods shares in
 your own name through our transfer agent, Computershare, or you
 are in possession of stock certificates): visit www.computershare.com to enroll. Beneficial Owner (your shares are held by a brokerage
 firm, a bank or a trustee): visit www.icsdelivery.com to
 enroll. Your electronic delivery enrollment will be effective until you
 cancel it. Stockholders who are record owners of shares of our
 common stock may call Computershare, our transfer agent, at (800) 733-5001 with questions about electronic delivery. PROPOSAL NO. 1 —
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The board of directors currently consists of ten directors,
 three of whom are the Class I directors standing for
 election at the Annual Meeting. It is intended that the proxies
 will be voted for the three nominees named below for election to
 our board of directors unless authority to vote for any such
 nominee is withheld. All of the nominees are presently members
 of our board of directors. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the
 number of nominees named. If any nominee for any reason is
 unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxies
 may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may
 determine. We are not aware of any nominee who will be unable
 to, or for good cause will not, serve as a director, and each
 nominee has confirmed that he will serve on the board if
 elected. The term of office of each person elected as a director
 will continue until the 2012 annual meeting of our stockholders
 or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Nominees The names of the nominees, their ages and background information
 are set forth below: Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Joseph P. Silveira | 61 | President of Farmland Management Services, Inc. | 2005
Laurence M. Baer | 51 | President, San Francisco Giants | 2005
Michael J. Mendes | 45 | President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005 Joseph P. Silveira served as a member of board of
 directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from June 2002 to July 2005. Since 1994, Mr. Silveira has
 served as President of Farmland Management Services, Inc., an
 agricultural services company, directing property acquisitions,
 operations, leases and sales. He holds a B.S. from California
 Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Laurence M. Baer has served as the President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club, a major league baseball
 team, since October 2008. Prior to becoming President,
 Mr. Baer was Executive Vice President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club since 1992 and was its
 Chief Operating Officer since 1996. From 1990 until 1992, he
 served as Assistant to the Chairman of CBS, Inc., a media and
 entertainment corporation. Mr. Baer holds a B.A. from the
 University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from Harvard
 Business School. Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company, an
 international food company, from 1989 to 1991. Mr. Mendes
 has served as Chairman of the Grocery Manufactures
 Association’s President’s Advisory Council and
 currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He is
 currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a wine
 company, and has served on the boards of various industry
 associations. He holds 3 Table of Contents a B.S. from the California Polytechnic State University,
 San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of
 Management at the University of California, Los Angeles. The three directors listed below are Class II members of
 the board. Their terms expire at the 2010 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Nominee | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Robert M. Lea | 65 | Founder and Owner, Law Offices of Robert Lea | 2005
Dennis Mussell | 66 | Retired, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International | 2005
Glen C. Warren, Jr. | 52 | President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources Corporation | 2005 Robert M. Lea served as a member of the board of
 directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from 1993 to July 2005. Since November 2004, Mr. Lea has
 practiced law as a solo practitioner with the Law Offices of
 Robert Lea, which he founded. From January 2004 to November
 2004, Mr. Lea served as the Managing Partner of Lea and
 Shepherd, a law firm. From 1984 to December 2003, he was a
 partner of the law firm Lea & Arruti. Mr. Lea
 holds a B.A. from the University of California, Davis and a J.D.
 from the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law
 (Boalt Hall). Dennis Mussell is the retired former President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International, a
 packaged seafood company, after serving from August 1997 until
 January 2005. Prior to holding this position, he served in
 various senior capacities with Van Camp Seafood Company, Inc.,
 the predecessor corporation to Chicken of the Sea International,
 including most recently Chief Operating Officer.
 Mr. Mussell has extensive work experience in the packaged
 food industry. He holds a B.S. from Southwest Missouri State
 University. Glen C. Warren, Jr. has served as President, Chief
 Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources
 Corporation, a natural gas exploration and production company,
 since June 2002. Prior to joining Antero Resources Corporation,
 he served as a Managing Director of Concert Energy Advisors, an
 investment banking advisory firm to energy companies, from
 November 2001 to June 2002. From 1998 to March 2001,
 Mr. Warren served as Chief Financial Officer, Executive
 Vice President and a member of the board of directors of Pennaco
 Energy, Inc., an energy exploration and production company, from
 1998 to March 2001. From 1989 to 1998, he was an investment
 banker with Dillon, Read & Co., Inc., Kidder,
 Peabody & Co. Incorporated and Lehman Brothers Inc.
 Mr. Warren holds a B.A. from the University of Mississippi,
 a J.D. from the University of Mississippi School of Law and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. The four directors listed below are Class III members of
 the board. Their terms expire at the 2011 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
John J. Gilbert | 65 | Owner and President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc. | 2005
Steven M. Neil | 56 | Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005
Robert J. Zollars | 51 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc. | 2005
Edward A. Blechschmidt | 56 | Retired, director on four public company boards | 2008 4 Table of Contents John J. Gilbert is our Chairman of the board of
 directors. He served as the Chairman of the board of directors
 of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers, from 1996 to
 July 2005. Since 1983, Mr. Gilbert has been the owner and
 President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc., each of
 which is a family corporation focusing on walnuts. He holds a
 B.S. from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis
 Obispo. Steven M. Neil has served as Executive Vice President,
 Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond since
 March 2008. In addition, Mr. Neil has served on our board
 of directors since July 2005. Prior to joining Diamond,
 Mr. Neil was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer of The Cooper Companies, Inc., a company that
 manufactures specialty healthcare products, from April 2007
 until March 2008. From January 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Neil
 was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper
 Companies. From July 2003 to January 2005, he served as
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 of Ocular Sciences, Inc., a contact lens company. From October
 1997 to June 2003, he was Executive Vice President, Finance,
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Sola
 International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. He holds a B.A.
 from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. Robert J. Zollars has served as Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a company
 providing instant wireless communications solutions, since June
 2007. From May 2006 to June 2007, Mr. Zollars was President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Wound Care Solutions, LLC, a
 holding company that operates chronic wound care centers in
 partnership with hospitals in the U.S. From July 1999 to
 March 2006, Mr. Zollars was chairman of the board of
 directors and Chief Executive Officer of Neoforma, Inc., a
 provider of supply chain management solutions for the healthcare
 industry. From 1997 to July 1999, he served as Executive Vice
 President and Group President of Cardinal Health, Inc., a
 healthcare products and services company. Earlier in his career,
 while employed at Baxter International, a healthcare products
 and services company, Mr. Zollars served as President of a
 dietary products joint venture between Baxter International and
 Kraft General Foods. He holds a B.S. from Arizona State
 University and an M.B.A. from John F. Kennedy University. Edward A. Blechschmidt was Chief Executive Officer of
 Novelis Corp. from December 2006 until its sale to the Birla
 Group on May 2007. He was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
 President of Gentiva Health Services, Inc., a leading provider
 of specialty pharmaceutical and home health care services, from
 March 2000 to June 2002. From March 1999 to March 2000,
 Mr. Blechschmidt served as Chief Executive Officer and a
 director of Olsten Corporation, the conglomerate from which
 Gentiva Health Services was split off and taken public. He
 served as President of Olsten from October 1998 to March 1999.
 He also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
 Siemens Nixdorf America and Siemens Pyramid Technologies from
 July 1996 to October 1998. Prior to Siemens, he spent more than
 20 years with Unisys Corporation, including serving as its
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Blechschmidt serves as a
 director of Healthsouth Corp., Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.,
 and Columbia Laboratories, Inc. CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS We are committed to maintaining high standards of business
 conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are essential
 to running our business efficiently, serving our stockholders
 well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. We have
 adopted a code of conduct and ethics for directors, officers and
 employees, known as the Diamond Code of Conduct. Our certificate
 of incorporation, bylaws, committee charters and Diamond Code of
 Conduct form our corporate governance framework. The Diamond
 Code of Conduct and the charters governing the responsibilities
 and duties of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation
 Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee are available
 through the investor relations page at our web site: www.diamondfoods.com . We will post on this web site any
 amendments to the Diamond Code of Conduct or waivers of the
 Diamond Code of Conduct for our directors and executive officers. 5 Table of Contents Composition
 of Board of Directors Our board of directors has ten authorized members, who are Jack
 Gilbert, Robert Lea, Joseph Silveira, Laurence Baer, Dennis
 Mussell, Steven Neil, Glen Warren, Robert Zollars, Edward
 Blechschmidt and Michael Mendes. Our Board is divided into three classes: • | Class I directors, whose terms expire at the 2009 annual meeting of stockholders;
• | Class II directors, whose terms expire at the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders; and
• | Class III directors, whose terms expire at the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to
 directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from
 the time of their election and qualification until the third
 annual meeting following their election. Board of
 Directors Meetings and Committees During the 2008 fiscal year, our board of directors met eight
 times and acted by unanimous written consent three times. No
 director attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings
 of the Board held while the director served and the total number
 of meetings held by all committees of the board of directors on
 which the director served during the 2008 fiscal year. Audit Committee. The audit committee reviews
 and evaluates our financial statements, accounting practices and
 internal audit and control functions, selects our independent
 auditors and reviews the results and scope of the audit and
 other services provided by our independent auditors. The members
 of our audit committee currently are Mr. Silveira,
 Mr. Mussell and Mr. Blechschmidt, with
 Mr. Blechschmidt serving as chairman of the committee. The
 Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Blechschmidt
 qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as
 defined by the rules of the SEC and that all of the members of
 the audit committee are independent under applicable NASDAQ
 listing standards. The audit committee met four times during
 fiscal 2008. Compensation Committee. The compensation
 committee reviews and determines the compensation and benefits
 of our officers and directors. The committee also administers
 our equity compensation and employee benefits plans and reviews
 general policies relating to compensation and benefits. To
 support the committee’s duties, Diamond has commissioned
 compensation studies from Aon Consulting to provide our
 management and the committee with benchmarks regarding base
 salary, bonus, and long-term equity incentives for executive
 officers. The members of our compensation committee are
 Mr. Baer, Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with
 Mr. Zollars serving as chairman of the committee. The board
 of directors has determined that all of the members of the
 compensation committee are independent directors as defined
 under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The compensation
 committee met three times during fiscal 2008. Nominating and Governance Committee. The
 nominating and governance committee makes recommendations to our
 board of directors concerning candidates for election as
 directors and other corporate governance related matters. The
 members of our nominating and governance committee are
 Mr. Mussell, Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with
 Mr. Warren serving as chairman of the committee. The board
 of directors has determined that all of the members of the
 nominating and governance committee are independent directors as
 defined under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The
 nominating committee met once during fiscal 2008. Consideration
 of Director Nominees Director Qualifications. The goal of the
 nominating and governance committee is to ensure that the
 members of our board of directors have a variety of perspectives
 and skills derived from high-quality business and professional
 experience. The nominating and governance committee seeks to
 achieve a balance of knowledge, experience and capability on our
 board of directors. To this end, the committee seeks nominees 6 Table of Contents with high professional and personal integrity, an understanding
 of our business lines and industry, diversity of business
 experience and expertise, broad-based business acumen and the
 ability to think strategically. In addition, the committee
 considers the level of the candidate’s commitment to active
 participation as a director, both at board and committee
 meetings and otherwise. Although the committee uses these and
 other criteria to evaluate potential nominees, we have not
 established any particular minimum criteria for nominees. When
 appropriate, the committee may retain executive recruitment
 firms to assist in identifying suitable candidates. After its
 evaluation of potential nominees, the committee submits nominees
 to the board of directors for approval. The committee does not
 use different standards to evaluate nominees depending on
 whether they are proposed by our directors and management or by
 our stockholders. Stockholder Nominees. The nominating and
 governance committee will consider stockholder recommendations
 for director candidates. If a stockholder would like to
 recommend a director candidate for the possible election at the
 next annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must
 deliver the recommendation to our Corporate Secretary at our
 principal executive offices no later than the close of business
 on the 75th day and no earlier than the close of business
 on the 105th day prior to the anniversary date of the
 mailing of our proxy statement in connection with the previous
 year’s annual meeting of stockholders. However, if the next
 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more than
 30 days earlier or more than 60 days later than the
 anniversary of the prior year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders, then nominations must be received not earlier than
 close of business on the 105th day prior to the annual
 meeting and not later than close of business on the later to
 occur of (i) the 75th day prior to the annual meeting
 or (ii) the 10th day after the date we first publicly
 announced the date of the annual meeting. Recommendations for candidates should be accompanied by the
 information required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our
 Bylaws. A stockholder recommending a candidate may be asked to
 submit additional information as determined by our Corporate
 Secretary and as necessary to satisfy the rules of the
 Securities and Exchange Commission or The NASDAQ Stock Market.
 If a stockholder’s recommendation is received within the
 time period set forth above and the stockholder has met the
 criteria set forth above, the nominating and governance
 committee will evaluate such candidate, along with the other
 candidates being evaluated by the committee, in accordance with
 the committee’s charter and will apply the criteria
 described in this section. Independent
 Directors The board of directors has determined that each of
 Mr. Baer, Mr. Blechschmidt, Mr. Mussell,
 Mr. Warren, Mr. Silveira and Mr. Zollars is an
 “independent director” under applicable NASDAQ listing
 standards, a “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and an
 “outside director” as defined pursuant to
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 Mr. Baer is the President of the San Francisco Giants,
 with whom we have a corporate sponsorship arrangement. In
 connection with the sponsorship, we paid the San Francisco
 Giants a fee and receive sampling, signage and other brand
 exposure benefits at AT&T Park during the baseball season.
 The amount of the fee is not material to Diamond or the
 San Francisco Giants, and Mr. Baer does not receive
 any material direct or indirect benefit from the fee that would
 impair his independence. Mr. Silveira is the President of
 Farmland Management Services, which provides farming services to
 clients. One of Farmland Management’s clients is John
 Hancock, an insurance company that operates a number of farming
 assets including walnut orchards from which we purchase walnuts.
 Mr. Silveira receives a management fee from John Hancock
 for providing farming services, which is unrelated to the
 purchase price we pay to John Hancock for walnuts. We do not
 believe that Mr. Silveira has a material direct or indirect
 interest in our arrangement with John Hancock that would impair
 his independence. Communication
 with the Board You may contact the board of directors by sending a letter
 addressed to the board of directors, care of Corporate
 Secretary, Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street,
 17 th Floor,

 San Francisco, California 94111. An employee will forward
 these letters directly to the board of directors, except for
 spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries,
 job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or
 advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
 material. We may forward correspondence, such as 7 Table of Contents product-related inquiries, elsewhere within Diamond for review and possible
 response. We reserve the right not to forward to the board of
 directors any abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate
 materials. Director
 Attendance at Meetings Each member of the board of directors is expected to be
 available to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of the
 board and any committees on which the director serves, and our
 annual meeting of stockholders. All directors attended our last
 annual meeting. Each director is expected to make his best
 effort to attend all special board and committee meetings. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH
 NOMINEE. PROPOSAL NO. 2 —
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The audit committee of our board of directors has appointed
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending July 31,
 2009, and our stockholders are being asked to ratify the audit
 committee’s appointment. Deloitte & Touche LLP
 has served as our independent registered public accounting firm
 since 1998. Representatives of Deloitte & Touche LLP
 are expected to be present at our Annual Meeting, will have the
 opportunity to make a statement at the Annual Meeting if they
 desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate
 questions. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the audit
 committee will reconsider its appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2009. Even if this appointment is ratified, the audit committee,
 in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different
 independent registered public accounting firm at any time during
 the year if the audit committee determines that such a change
 would be in our best interests as well as the best interests of
 our stockholders. Audit
 Fees The following table presents information regarding the fees
 estimated and billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP and
 affiliated entities for the 2008 and 2007 fiscal years. For the Year
Ended July 31,
Nature of Services | 2008 | 2007
(In thousands)
Audit Fees | $ | 896 | $ | 902
Audit-Related Fees | — | —
Tax Fees | — | 14
All Other Fees | — | —
Total Fees | $ | 896 | $ | 916 Audit Fees. This category includes services
 provided in connection with the audit of our annual,
 consolidated financial statements, the review of our unaudited,
 quarterly consolidated financial statements, and review of our
 periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission. For fiscal 2008 and 2007, Audit Fees also
 includes fees for evaluation of the internal controls over our
 financial reporting and audit activities associated with an
 acquisition of assets. Audit-Related Fees. We did not incur any
 Audit-Related Fees during fiscal 2008 or fiscal 2007. Tax Fees. We did not incur any Tax Fees during
 fiscal 2008. In fiscal 2007, the Tax Fees related to tax
 compliance, advice and planning with respect to our operations
 in Europe. All Other Fees. We did not incur any Other
 Fees during fiscal 2008 or fiscal 2007. 8 Table of Contents Audit
 Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our audit committee charter provides that the audit committee
 will approve the fees and other significant compensation to be
 paid to our independent auditors, and pre-approve all audit
 services and all non-audit services of independent auditors
 permitted under applicable law. The charter also provides that
 the audit committee may establish other pre-approval policies
 and procedures for the engagement of independent auditors to
 render services to us, including without limitation policies
 that would allow the delegation of pre-approval authority to one
 or more members of the audit committee, provided that any
 pre-approval decision is reported to the audit committee at its
 next scheduled meeting. The audit committee has delegated
 pre-approval authority for up to $25,000 in expenses to the
 chairman of the audit committee. The chairman or the audit
 committee has approved all work covered by the Audit Fees and
 Tax Fees. All fees listed above paid to our independent auditors
 during fiscal 2007 and 2008 were for work performed by the
 independent auditors’ full-time, permanent employees. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE &
 TOUCHE LLP. REPORT OF
 THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The information contained in the performance graph shall not
 be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be
 “filed” with the SEC, nor shall this information be
 incorporated by reference into any future filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 except to the extent that Diamond specifically incorporates it
 by reference into such filing. The audit committee is comprised of Ed Blechschmidt, Joseph
 Silveira and Dennis Mussell, all of whom have been determined to
 be independent by the board of directors under the applicable
 NASDAQ listing requirements and SEC rules. The board also has
 determined that Mr. Blechschmidt is an audit committee
 financial expert as defined by the SEC. The committee operates
 under a written charter adopted by the board of directors. A
 copy of the audit committee’s charter is available on
 Diamond Foods’ website at http://www.diamondfoods.com or to any stockholder otherwise requesting a copy. The primary function of the audit committee is to provide advice
 with respect to Diamond Foods’ financial matters and to
 assist the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight
 responsibilities regarding (i) the quality and integrity of
 Diamond Foods’ financial statements, (ii) compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the
 qualifications and independence of the independent registered
 public accounting firm serving as Diamond Foods’ auditors
 and (iv) the performance of Diamond Foods’ internal
 audit function and the independent auditors. Management is responsible for Diamond Foods’ internal
 controls and the financial reporting process.
 The independent auditors are responsible for performing an
 independent audit of Diamond Foods’ consolidated financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing
 standards and to issue a report thereon. The audit
 committee’s responsibility is to monitor and oversee these
 processes. The audit committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial
 statements of Diamond Foods for the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2008 with management, and management represented
 that the financial statements of Diamond Foods were prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America. Management has also represented
 that they have assessed the effectiveness of the company’s
 internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31,
 2008 and determined that as of that date, the company has
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
 The audit committee discussed 9 Table of Contents with Deloitte & Touche matters required to be
 discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards (“SAS”)
 No. 61 (Communication with Audit Committees) as amended by
 SAS No. 91. The audit committee has (1) reviewed and discussed the
 audited financial statements with management, (2) discussed
 with Deloitte & Touche LLP, our independent auditors,
 the matters required to be discussed by the SAS No. 61,
 (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from
 the independent auditors required by Independence Standards
 Board Standard No. 1, and has discussed the auditors’
 independence with the independent auditors and (4) reviewed
 and discussed with management and Deloitte & Touche
 LLP management’s assertions regarding internal financial
 controls. Based upon these discussions and reviews, the audit
 committee recommended to the board of directors that the audited
 financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2008 filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the audit committee
 of the board of directors. Ed Blechschmidt, Chairman Joseph Silveira Dennis Mussell 10 Table of Contents STOCK
 OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table presents information regarding the
 beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 15,
 2008 by each of our directors, each of our named executive
 officers, and all of our directors and executive officers as a
 group. We do not know of any other stockholder owning more than
 5% of our common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership for the table is based on
 16,936,192 shares of our common stock outstanding as of
 November 15, 2008. To our knowledge, except under community
 property laws or as otherwise noted, the persons and entities
 named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power
 over their shares of our common stock. The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is
 determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for
 any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership
 includes those shares over which the stockholder has or shares
 voting or investment control and includes those shares that the
 stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days after
 November 15, 2008 through the exercise of any stock option.
 The “Percentage of Common Stock” column treats as
 outstanding all shares underlying such options held by the
 stockholder, but not shares underlying options held by other
 stockholders. Number of Shares | % of
Name of Beneficial Owner | of Common Stock | Common Stock(1)
Directors and Officers:
Michael J. Mendes(2) | 791,172 | 4.6 | %
Gary K. Ford(3) | 235,210 | 1.4
Steven M. Neil(4) | 93,217 | *
Lloyd Johnson | 33,000 | *
Andrew Burke(5) | 55,795 | *
Stephen Kim(6) | 44,155 | *
John J. Gilbert(4)(7) | 115,926 | *
Joseph P. Silveira(4) | 39,886 | *
Laurence M. Baer(4) | 37,058 | *
Ed Blechschmidt | 8,568 | *
Robert M. Lea(4) | 61,836 | *
Dennis Mussell(4) | 37,058 | *
Glen C. Warren, Jr.(4) | 47,058 | *
Robert J. Zollars(4) | 37,058 | *
All 12 current directors and executive officers as a group(2) — (7)(8) | 1,628,429 | 9.2 | % * | Less than one percent.
(1) | Percentage is based on 16,936,192 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 15, 2008.
(2) | Includes 451,621 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options in the next 60 days. Also includes 32,739 shares purchased by Mr. Mendes in the open market for an aggregate purchase price of $618,490.
(3) | Includes 112,915 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(4) | Includes 30,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(5) | Includes 21,250 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(6) | Includes 17,387 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(7) | Includes 42,833 shares in the name of Gilbert Orchards and 20,076 shares in the name of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. and Gilbert Orchards. Mr. Gilbert has sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert and William H. Gilbert have shared voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Gilbert Orchards. 11 Table of Contents Also includes 15,959 shares in the name of The John and Sandra Gilbert Trust DTD 3/6/2000. Mr. Gilbert is a co-trustee of the trust.
(8) | Includes an aggregate of 1,595,429 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options by the directors and officers. SECTION 16(a)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
 our directors and officers, and persons who own shares
 representing more than 10% of our common stock, to file initial
 reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and
 Exchange Commission regulations also require these persons to
 furnish us with a copy of all Section 16(a) forms they
 file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the forms
 furnished to us and written representations from our executive
 officers and directors, we believe that all Section 16(a)
 filing requirements were met during the 2008 fiscal year except
 that a Form 4 was filed two days late for Steve Neil on
 March 31, 2008 to report the new hire grant on
 March 25, 2008 of 45,000 shares of restricted stock
 and an option to purchase 45,000 shares of common stock. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION Executive
 Officers Name | Age | Position
Michael J. Mendes | 45 | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Gary K. Ford | 54 | Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President
Steven M. Neil | 56 | Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President
Lloyd J. Johnson | 46 | Chief Sales Officer, Executive Vice President
Andrew Burke | 42 | Senior Vice President, Marketing
Stephen E. Kim | 39 | Vice President, General Counsel and Human Resources Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company from 1989 to
 1991. Mr. Mendes has served as Chairman of the Grocery
 Manufactures Association’s President’s Advisory
 Council and currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He
 is currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a wine
 company, and has served on the boards of various industry
 associations. He holds a B.S. from the California Polytechnic
 State University, San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the
 Anderson School of Management at the University of California,
 Los Angeles. Gary K. Ford has served as our Executive Vice President
 and Chief Operating Officer since 1998. Mr. Ford served as
 general manager of the in-shell nut division of Sun-Diamond
 Growers of California, a cooperative joint venture, from 1995 to
 1998. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Ford served as General Manager
 of Metz Baking Company, and from 1979 to 1992, he served in
 various management capacities at PepsiCo, Inc.’s Frito-Lay
 division. He holds a B.S. from William Carey College and an
 M.B.A. from Georgia College and State University. Steven M. Neil has served as our Executive Vice President
 and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer since March 2008.
 Prior to joining Diamond as an executive officer, Mr. Neil
 was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The
 Cooper Companies, Inc., a company that manufactures specialty
 healthcare products, from April 2007 until March 2008. From
 January 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Neil was Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper Companies. From July 2003
 to January 2005, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary of Ocular Sciences, Inc., a
 contact lens company. From October 1997 to June 2003, he was
 Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer, 12 Table of Contents Treasurer and Secretary of Sola International, a marketer of
 eyeglass lenses. He holds a B.A. from the University of
 California, Santa Barbara, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson
 School of Management at the University of California, Los
 Angeles. Lloyd J. Johnson has served as our Executive Vice
 President and Chief Sales Officer since September 2008.
 From July 2005 until August 2008, Mr. Johnson was a Senior
 Vice President for Expedia Inc., an online travel service
 company, during which time he managed various divisions within
 the Partner Services Group. Prior to joining Expedia,
 Mr. Johnson was employed at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food
 company, where he was Vice President, Sales and Customer
 Development, Kraft Canada from January 2005 to June 2005, and
 Customer Vice President, Kroger, from June 2001 to December
 2004. Earlier in his career, Mr. Johnson held a variety of
 sales and sales management positions of increasing
 responsibility at Nabisco Biscuit Company and Ernest &
 Julio Gallo Winery. Mr. Johnson holds a B.A. from Eastern
 Washington University. Andrew Burke has served as our Senior Vice President of
 Marketing since March 2007. From June 2006 to March 2007,
 Mr. Burke was our Vice President of Marketing. From October
 2004 until June 2006, Mr. Burke served as Vice President,
 Marketing for Economy Wine, Spirits, Sparkling Wine and
 Beverages, at Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery. From 1997
 until September 2004, Mr. Burke worked at Kraft Foods, Inc.
 in a variety of capacities, including as a Category Business
 Director from September 2003 to September 2004 and a Senior
 Brand Manager from 2001 until September 2003. Prior to Kraft,
 Mr. Burke worked at Young & Rubicam, Inc., as an
 Account Supervisor and Financial Analyst, and Laura Ashley, as a
 financial and inventory analyst. Mr. Burke holds an M.B.A
 from Fordham University and a B.A. from Rutgers. Stephen E. Kim has served as Vice President, General
 Counsel and Human Resources since January 2008. From May 2005 to
 January 2008, he served as Vice President, General Counsel.
 Previously, he served as General Counsel for Oblix, Inc., a
 software company in Cupertino, California, from January 2000 to
 March 2005. Before joining Oblix, Inc., Mr. Kim was an
 attorney with Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati, a law firm
 located in Palo Alto, California, from August 1996 to December
 1999 and Weil Gotshal & Manages, a law firm located in
 New York, New York, from September 1994 to May 1996.
 Mr. Kim earned a B.A. from Johns Hopkins University and a
 J.D. from New York University School of Law. COMPENSATION
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In this section we provide an explanation and analysis of the
 material elements of the compensation arrangements for our Chief
 Executive Officer and the other current executive officers (and
 one former executive officer) named in the Summary Compensation
 Table on page 18 (referred to as our “named executive
 officers”). The purpose of this discussion is to provide
 the context for the presentation of the specific compensation
 paid to our named executive officers, as shown in the tables and
 narrative disclosure that follow. Diamond’s
 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The objective of our executive compensation program is to
 attract and retain executives of exceptional ability who will
 provide strong leadership for Diamond and increase stockholder
 value. To that end, our executive compensation is designed to be
 competitive with our industry, taking into account performance
 and scope of responsibility, and to have a significant portion
 of each named executive officer’s total compensation
 “at-risk” through both near- and long-term incentive
 compensation arrangements. We design these incentives to reward
 accomplishment of individual goals, accomplishment of corporate
 strategic objectives and increases in stockholder value. Executive
 Compensation Processes Role of the compensation committee. The
 compensation committee (referred to as the
 “Committee”) of our board of directors makes all
 decisions regarding compensation for our named executive
 officers other than our Chief Executive Officer. With respect to
 the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee makes its
 compensation recommendations to the board of directors (other
 than Mr. Mendes) for approval. Information regarding 13 Table of Contents the Committee and its role is provided on page 6 under the
 heading “Corporate Governance and Board of Directors
 Matters — Compensation Committee.” Benchmark Survey Data. During fiscal 2008, the
 Committee relied upon survey data regarding cash and equity
 compensation practices in our industry in making its
 compensation determinations for fiscal 2008. The survey data
 summarized base salary, bonus and long-term equity incentives
 for executive officers of companies of similar size to Diamond
 in the non-durable goods manufacturing sector and the food
 industry. In order to provide additional points of reference for
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 positions, our compensation consultant also collected proxy
 statement data for comparable positions at 11 peer companies
 selected by the consultant after discussion with our management.
 We have used the same peer group for this purpose since our
 initial public offering in 2005. Most of the 11 peer companies
 have larger market capitalizations than Diamond, but we believe
 the group is appropriate because we compete with many of those
 companies for executive talent. Our compensation consultant
 attempted to control for the size differential between Diamond
 and the peer group companies by applying a regression formula to
 the compensation data. The peer group consisted of the following companies: • | Kraft Foods, Inc.
• | Campbell Soup Co.
• | Hershey Foods Corp.
• | McCormick & Co., Inc.
• | The J. M. Smucker Company
• | Lance, Inc.
• | Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
• | J&J Snack Foods Corp.
• | Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
• | Weider Nutrition International, Inc.
• | SunOpta, Inc. The Chief Executive Officer Makes
 Recommendations. At the beginning of the fiscal
 year our Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with each
 individual named executive officer, develops individual goal
 achievement plans that become targets determining their annual
 bonuses. After completion of the fiscal year, the Chief
 Executive Officer reviews the officer’s performance
 relative to those individual goals and makes recommendations to
 the Committee about the officer’s achievement relative to
 his goals. The Chief Executive Officer also makes specific
 recommendations to the Committee about appropriate base salary,
 bonus and equity awards for each named executive officer. Components
 of Executive Compensation The material elements of compensation for our named executive
 officers are salaries, bonuses and equity incentives. Named
 executive officers also receive perquisites and participate in
 other programs. Base Salary. Base salary is one of the
 compensation elements that enable us to attract and retain
 executive talent by establishing a minimum compensation level
 for executives. In addition, salary increases enable us to
 reward superior individual performance, organizational
 advancement and increasing levels of responsibility. The
 Committee reviews base salaries annually, and generally adjusts
 them in proportion to the percentage increase budgeted for
 employees generally. The Committee analyzes benchmark data
 showing the range of competitive salaries, but does not set
 salaries based on the benchmarks. In establishing base salaries for named executive officers in
 fiscal 2008, the Committee reviewed recommendations by the Chief
 Executive Officer with respect to the named executive officers
 other than himself, based on his subjective assessments of each
 executive’s experience, responsibilities, teamwork,
 performance and reference to benchmark data. The Committee also
 made subjective assessments about the 14 Table of Contents Chief Executive Officer’s performance, and made reference
 to benchmark data, in recommending Mr. Mendes’ base
 salary for fiscal 2008. At the beginning of fiscal 2008, the
 executive officers received raises to their base salaries as
 follows: Chief Executive Officer — 4.0%; Chief
 Operating Officer — 3.6%; Senior Vice President
 Marketing — 3.5%; and Vice President, General Counsel
 and Human Resources 4.0%. Based on the Chief Executive
 Officer’s recommendation, the Committee approved a mid-year
 adjustment of 5.3% to the base salary of our Chief Operating
 Officer, based on a comparison of his salary to the salaries of
 the other executive officers. Our Chief Financial and
 Administrative Officer joined in March 2008, and accordingly,
 did not receive a raise to his base salary during the fiscal
 year. In establishing his initial base salary with Diamond, we
 took into account his base salary at his prior employer, his
 experience and responsibilities and the compensation that we
 believed would be required to recruit him to join the company
 and to retain him. Annual Bonus Incentives. Bonuses are another
 compensation element that enables us to attract and retain
 executive talent by creating opportunities for extra
 compensation on an annual basis. Bonuses also provide general
 incentives for our named executive officers as a group and
 specific incentives for particular executives. We pay bonuses to
 our named executive officers under our Diamond Annual Bonus
 Program, which the Committee administers. Annual bonuses are
 intended to promote the achievement of our annual corporate
 financial goals and other corporate initiatives. The maximum
 achievable bonuses for each of our named executive officers are
 based on level in the organization, as set forth as follows:
 President — 100% of base salary; Executive Vice
 Presidents (including our Chief Operating Officer and Chief
 Financial and Administrative Officer) — 70% of base
 salary; Senior Vice Presidents (including our Senior Vice
 President Marketing) — 50% of base salary; and Vice
 Presidents (including our Vice President, General Counsel and
 Human Resources) — 45% of base salary. Each year, our Board reviews and approves an annual plan
 outlining Diamond’s business objectives and key initiatives
 for the upcoming fiscal year. Each of our named executive
 officers other than the Chief Executive Officer develops a
 detailed plan consisting of individual goals, the achievement of
 which supports the annual plan. Each of the major categories of
 business goals and objectives contained in our corporate annual
 plan is supported by one or more of these individual goal
 achievement plans. Our Chief Executive Officer reviews and
 approves the individual goal achievement plans. At the end of
 the fiscal year, each executive other than the Chief Executive
 Officer performs a self-assessment of his performance relative
 to his individual goal achievement plan, which our Chief
 Executive Officer reviews and approves. At the conclusion of
 this process, each named executive officer other than the Chief
 Executive Officer is assigned a score of zero to 200 points,
 with 200 points signifying maximum performance and maximum bonus
 earned. The Committee reviews the Chief Executive Officer’s
 recommendations and approves bonus payments to these officers
 based on this achievement score. The Committee also recommends the Chief Executive Officer bonus
 compensation to the Board based on the Committee’s
 assessment of our achievement of goals and initiatives for the
 year. The fiscal 2008 annual plan against which our Chief
 Executive Officer’s performance was measured consisted of
 an extensive list of specific business goals and corporate
 objectives that were approved by our board of directors at the
 beginning of fiscal 2008. The specific goals and objectives fall
 into the following main categories: revenue and profitability;
 snack distribution objectives; development of our Emerald and
 Diamond brands; new product development; culinary and inshell
 marketing and distribution objectives; pursuing and executing on
 strategic transactions; cost savings and profitability
 initiatives; and improvements in manufacturing and financial
 system infrastructure. Due to the number and complexity of goals
 and objectives included in the annual plan and each of the
 executive officers’ individual goal achievement plans, and
 due to the fact that our Chief Executive Officer expects each of
 the other named executive officers to set at least some goals
 that are difficult to achieve, the Committee believes that
 achievement of maximum bonuses has been and will continue to be
 a rare occurrence. In fiscal 2007 none of our named executive
 officers received the maximum allowable bonus. In fiscal 2008,
 our Chief Executive Officer earned a maximum bonus and none of
 the other named executive officers earned the maximum allowable
 bonus. Equity Incentives. The Committee believes that
 equity awards are a key component of its executive compensation
 program, because they helps us attract and retain executive
 talent by creating opportunities for extra compensation and
 promoting a long-term view. Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan
 enables Diamond to 15 Table of Contents grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted
 stock, and other equity awards. The Committee believes that
 these equity-based incentives serve the following purposes: • | align the interests of our executives with those of other stockholders by making a portion of the officer’s compensation or net worth dependent upon the performance of our common stock;
• | create general corporate performance incentives for executives through their interest in stock options, which only have value if our stock price increases;
• | compete with executive compensation at other companies by augmenting the value of the total compensation package offered to executives without using cash; and
• | retain executives through vesting of equity awards. The Committee makes equity awards to executive officers on an
 annual basis, but the Committee and Board retain the discretion
 to make additional equity awards to executives at other times
 for recruiting or retention purposes. The Chief Executive
 Officer presents his equity award recommendations for the named
 executive officers other than himself to the Committee. The
 recommendations take into account a range of targeted grants
 suggested by our compensation consultant, with the specific
 grant size recommendation based on the individual’s
 contributions during the prior fiscal year, importance to the
 organization and scope of responsibility. The Committee
 considers the Chief Executive Officer recommendations and has
 discretion to determine whether or not to make any equity grant
 and the size of any grant. The Committee does not have a policy
 of taking into account other elements of compensation in
 determining the equity grant award. The Committee makes
 recommendations to the full board of directors as to any equity
 grant for the Chief Executive Officer, with reference to
 benchmark data and based on company and individual performance.
 The board of directors has the discretion to determine whether
 to make any equity grant to the Chief Executive Officer and if
 so, the size of such grant. In August 2007, the Committee
 approved the Chief Executive Officer’s recommendations and
 approved the grants of restricted stock to the named executive
 officers as follows: Chief Operating Officer —
 43,000 shares; Senior Vice President Marketing —
 15,000 shares; and Vice President, General Counsel and
 Human Resources — 10,000 shares. Our former Chief
 Financial Officer also received a grant of 12,000 shares of
 restricted stock. In August 2007, the board of directors
 approved the grant of 80,000 shares of restricted stock to
 the Chief Executive Officer. The Committee makes annual grants either at in-person meetings
 or by unanimous written consent. To the extent stock options
 have been granted by the Committee, the exercise price equaled
 the closing price of our stock on the date of the meeting or the
 date on which all of the written consents were signed. In
 addition, from time to time, the Committee has acted by
 unanimous written consent to approve new hire option grants for
 newly-hired officers. In these situations, the Committee’s
 practice has been to use the closing price of our stock on the
 date all written consents have been signed. Stock Ownership Guidelines. In July 2008, the
 Board also approved stock ownership guidelines for Board members
 and executive officers to more closely align their interests
 with those of our stockholders. Under the guidelines, our
 Chairman of the board of directors is required to hold at least
 75,000 shares of Diamond common stock and all other board
 members are required to hold at least 15,000 shares. Each
 executive officer is expected to own the number of shares equal
 in value to the following multiples of his or her base salary:
 Chief Executive Officer — 500% of base salary;
 Executive Vice President — 200% of base salary; Senior
 Vice President — 150% of base salary; and Vice
 President — 150% of base salary. Shares that count
 toward satisfaction of these stock ownership guidelines include:
 shares beneficially owned by the executive or director, or by
 any of his or her immediate family members residing in the same
 household, regardless of how such shares were acquired; shares
 beneficially owned through any business entity controlled by
 such individual; shares held in trust for the benefit of the
 executive or director or his or her family; vested and unvested
 shares of restricted stock granted under company stock plans;
 and one-third of all shares subject to stock options granted to
 the executive or director under Diamond’s stock plans.
 Executive officers and board members are expected to comply with
 these guidelines by the later of July 31, 2011 or three
 years after being appointed an executive officer or being
 appointed or elected a member of the board. 16 Table of Contents Severance and Change of Control Benefits. Each
 of our named executive officers is covered by an arrangement
 under which he will receive payments in the event his employment
 is terminated after a change of control of Diamond. Payments
 vary from one to three times salary, based on position and
 tenure in the company. In addition, if we terminate our Chief
 Executive Officer without cause, he is entitled to continuation
 of his salary and health, dental and vision insurance benefits
 for up to 12 months, as well as outplacement services.
 Finally, under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, all outstanding
 equity awards will vest upon a change of control of Diamond if
 not assumed by the acquirer. We believe that these benefits are
 competitive in the industry and assist in recruiting and
 retaining executive officers. For more information, please refer
 to “Potential Payments upon Employment Termination and
 Change of Control Events,” which begins on page 24. Retirement Plans. The executive officers
 participate in the same 401(k) plan on the same terms provided
 to all administrative employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, we
 make a contribution of 3% of base salary into 401(k) accounts,
 up to a maximum of $6,900 per year. In addition, the Chief
 Executive Officer participates in Diamond Walnut Growers
 Retirement Restoration Plan, a non-qualified supplemental
 retirement plan that provides supplemental benefits upon
 retirement. This retirement program, which was first implemented
 in 1989, was established to incent and retain senior executives
 by rewarding long-term contributions by providing income
 security upon retirement. We do not consider the 401(k) plan an
 important element of our executive compensation arrangements.
 For more information regarding the Diamond Walnut Growers
 Retirement Restoration Plan, please see “Pension
 Benefits” on page 22. Perquisites. We provide executive officers
 with perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are
 consistent with our overall compensation program, in order to
 enable us to attract and retain executives. The Committee
 periodically reviews the types of perquisites and other personal
 benefits provided to executive officers, and does not consider
 perquisites an important element of our executive compensation
 arrangements. 17 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on such review
 and discussions, the Committee recommended to the board of
 directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be
 included in Diamond’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2008. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert Zollars, Chairman Larry Baer Glen Warren Summary
 of Executive Compensation The following table presents information about the compensation
 for the 2008 fiscal year awarded to, earned by or paid to our
 named executive officers serving in that capacity as of
 July 31, 2008. We also provide benefits to our executive
 officers that are generally available to all of our employees. Summary
 Compensation Table Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Fiscal | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Name and Principal Position | Year | ($) | ($) | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)(3) | ($)(4) | ($) | ($)
Michael Mendes | 2008 | 537,342 | — | 1,924,329 | 286,111 | 610,000 | 8,971 | 358,069 | (5) | 3,724,821
President and Chief Executive Officer | 2007 | 509,280 | — | 1,583,176 | 287,901 | 456,225 | 273,058 | 246,275 | 3,327,796
Gary Ford | 2008 | 288,344 | — | 759,476 | 47,013 | 211,120 | — | 75,155 | (6) | 1,381,107
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer | 2007 | 274,039 | — | 685,384 | 42,143 | 171,646 | — | 74,278 | 1,247,490
Steven Neil(7) Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Administrative Officer | 2008 | 161,539 | 25,000 | 97,950 | 26,214 | 121,333 | — | 12,101 | (8) | 444,137
Andrew Burke | 2008 | 245,192 | — | 141,546 | 55,412 | 116,181 | — | 21,306 | (9) | 579,367
Senior Vice President, Marketing | 2007 | 237,692 | — | 74,622 | 36,077 | 83,795 | — | 16,546 | 448,732
Stephen Kim Vice President, General Counsel and Human Resources | 2008 | 196,431 | — | 132,200 | 17,602 | 91,575 | — | 29,724 | (10) | 467,532
Seth Halio(11) | 2008 | 153,662 | — | 465,438 | 72,917 | — | — | 205,738 | (12) | 897,755
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer | 2007 | 251,539 | — | 595,974 | 38,457 | 142,590 | — | 41,030 | 1,069,590 (1) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to the awards of restricted shares granted and are not an indication of financial gain from equity awards. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 31 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the exception that the valuation shown here in the Summary Compensation Table assumes no forfeitures for the named executive officers. The restricted 18 Table of Contents shares reflected in this column are subject to time-based vesting, during which time the named executive officers are the beneficial owners of the restricted shares and possess all voting and dividend rights. Dividends are payable at the same rate as is paid on the Company’s common shares generally. During fiscal 2008, we paid quarterly dividends at a rate of $0.045 per share.
(2) | The amounts shown represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock and are not an indication of financial gain from equity awards. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 31 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the exceptions that the valuation shown here in the Summary Compensation Table assumes no forfeitures for the named executive officers. The options reflected in this column vest over a three, four or five-year period from the date of grant, as described below under “2008 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End.”
(3) | Amounts in this column reflect annual, non-equity incentive plan awards earned under our Annual Bonus Program during fiscal 2008. The payments were based on achievement of company annual plan objectives, for the Chief Executive Officer, and of individual goal plan objectives for the other named executive officers. The amounts are comprised of incentive payments made in October 2008 that were attributable to services in fiscal 2008. Additional information regarding our Annual Bonus Program is provided under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Components of Executive Compensation — Annual Bonus Incentives.”
(4) | Amounts in this column represent the increase in present value of accumulated benefits accrued under the Diamond Walnut Growers Retirement Restoration Plan, in which the Chief Executive Officer participates. Additional information regarding the Retirement Restoration Plan is set forth below in “Pension Benefits.”
(5) | Includes $197,657 in relocation assistance, $46,086 for financial planning services, $63,384 in tax gross up payments and $11,526 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of housing assistance, health club membership, health care reimbursements, office parking fees and 401(k) contributions in accordance with Diamond’s 401(k) plan.
(6) | Includes $20,509 in tax gross up payments and $10,971 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health club membership, health care reimbursements, office parking fees and 401(k) contributions in accordance with Diamond’s 401(k) plan.
(7) | Mr. Neil joined Diamond in March 2008.
(8) | Includes $4,617 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health club membership, car allowance payments and office parking fees.
(9) | Includes $10,860 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $848 in tax gross up payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of family travel expenses, health club membership and 401(k) contributions in accordance with Diamond’s 401(k) plan.
(10) | Includes $9,406 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $910 in tax gross up payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care reimbursements, health club membership and 401(k) contributions in accordance with Diamond’s 401(k) plan.
(11) | Mr. Halio departed Diamond in February 2008.
(12) | Includes $4,303 in life insurance health insurance premium payments, $5,443 in tax gross up payments, $118,000 in severance payments, $10,000 in outplacement services, $2,644 in reimbursements for COBRA expenses and $15,217 for transfer of a company vehicle to Mr. Halio. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care reimbursements, health club membership, financial planning services, office parking fees and 401(k) contributions in accordance with Diamond’s 401(k) plan. 19 Table of Contents 2008
 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS All Other | All Other
Stock | Option | Grant
Awards: | Awards: | Exercise | Date Fair
Number | Number of | or Base | Value of
of Shares | Securities | Price of | Stock and
Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards(1) | Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards | of Stock | Underlying | Option | Option
Grant | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | Awards | Awards
Name | Date | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | ($/Sh) | ($)
Michael Mendes | N/A | 0 | 457,500 | 610,000 | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/9/07 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 80,000 | — | — | 1,348,320 | (2)
Gary Ford | N/A | 0 | 168,000 | 224,000 | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/9/07 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 43,000 | — | — | 724,722 | (2)
Steven Neil | N/A | 0 | 91,000 | (3) | 121,333 | (3) | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/25/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 45,000 | — | — | 781,785 | (2)
3/25/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 45,000 | (4) | 18.27 | 264,195 | (4)
Andrew Burke | N/A | 0 | 96,150 | 128,200 | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/9/07 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | 252,810 | (2)
Stephen Kim | N/A | 0 | 74,250 | 99,000 | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/9/07 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | — | — | 168,540 | (2)
Seth Halio(5) | 8/9/07 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 12,000 | — | — | 202,248 | (2) (1) | Reflects potential payouts of amounts that could have been earned with respect to fiscal 2008 threshold, target and maximum levels under the Diamond Foods Annual Bonus Program. Targets for non-equity incentive plan awards are based on 75% of maximum, which has been our practice for senior executives. Actual amounts earned for fiscal 2008 have been reported in “Summary Compensation Table” as Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. The “Maximum” amounts are based on percentages of salaries in effect as of September 2008. The maximum bonus percentages of salary are: Chief Executive Officer — 100%; Chief Operating Officer — 70%; Chief Financial Officer — 70%; Senior Vice President Marketing — 50%; and Vice President, General Counsel & HR — 45%. Under the Annual Bonus Program, named executive officers could receive no payment if performance objectives are not met. Accordingly, the “Threshold” amounts are $0.
(2) | This award of restricted stock was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vests as to one-fourth of the shares on each anniversary of grant. Amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the restricted stock grants without giving effect to any forfeiture rate.
(3) | Mr. Neil joined Diamond in March 2008. The potential payment amounts reflect proration for the portion of the fiscal year he was employed at Diamond.
(4) | This stock option award was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The option vests as to one-fourth of the shares subject to the options on the first anniversary of grant and thereafter vest quarterly over the following thirty-six months. The options have a maximum term of ten years subject to earlier termination upon cessation of service to Diamond. The exercise price of each option may be paid in cash or in shares of common stock valued at the closing price on the exercise date or may be paid with the proceeds from a same-day sale of the purchased shares. Amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the stock options without giving effect to any forfeiture rate.
(5) | Mr. Halio, the former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Diamond, departed the company in February 2008. 20 Table of Contents 2008
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards | Stock Awards
Equity | Equity
Equity | Incentive | Incentive
Incentive | Market | Plan Awards: | Plan Awards:
Plan Awards: | Value of | Number of | Market or
Number of | Number of | Number of | Shares or | Unearned | Payout Value
Securities | Number of | Securities | Shares or | Units of | Shares, Units | of Unearned
Underlying | Securities | Underlying | Units of | Stock | or Other | Shares, Units or
Unexercised | Underlying | Unexercised | Option | Stock that | that | Rights that | Other Rights
Options (#) | Unexercised | Unearned | Exercise | Option | have not | have Not | have not | that have
Exercisable | Options (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Vested | not Vested
Name | (1) | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) | Date | (#)(2) | ($)(3) | (#) | ($)
Michael Mendes | 253,333 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 7,033 | (4) | 188,091 | — | —
123,750 | (5) | 101,250 | (5) | — | 17.07 | 10/25/15 | 80,000 | (6) | 1,945,600 | — | —
52,739 | (7) | 10,549 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | — | — | — | —
Gary Ford | 95,000 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 1,989 | (4) | 48,372 | — | —
14,928 | (7) | 2,987 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 43,000 | (6) | 1,045,760 | — | —
Steven Neil | 10,000 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 45,000 | (8) | 1,094,400 | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 15.01 | 7/20/16 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 17.03 | 7/20/17 | — | — | — | —
— | 45,000 | (9) | — | 18.27 | 3/25/18 | — | — | — | —
Andrew Burke | 10,000 | (10) | 5,000 | (10) | — | 14.93 | 6/19/16 | 5,000 | (11) | 121,600 | — | —
6,249 | (12) | 8,751 | (12) | — | 15.83 | 3/14/17 | 15,000 | (6) | 364,800 | — | —
Stephen Kim | 10,387 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 666 | (4) | 16,197 | — | —
5,832 | (7) | 1,168 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 1,666 | (13) | 40,517 | — | —
10,000 | (6) | 243,200 | — | — (1) | All options set forth in the table have a ten-year term. The unvested portion of an option will expire prior to its stated expiration date in the event of the optionee’s termination of employment.
(2) | The shares set forth in this column are grants of restricted stock that vest subject to continued employment with Diamond.
(3) | The market value of the unvested restricted shares was computed using $24.32, which was the closing share price of Diamond stock on July 31, 2008.
(4) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on January 10, 2006. One-third of the restricted shares vest on each anniversary of the date of grant such that all shares will be vested on January 10, 2009.
(5) | From 2001 until October 2005, Mr. Mendes was the beneficiary of a Long Term Incentive Compensation program (“LTIC”), pursuant to which Diamond agreed to provide Mr. Mendes with annual cash benefits over a ten year period, with payments to begin as early as Mr. Mendes’ 50th birthday, under certain circumstances. To better align Mr. Mendes’ interests with those of our stockholders, on October 25, 2005, the Board approved terminating the LTIC and granted Mr. Mendes an option to purchase 225,000 shares of our common stock. The option vests over five years, with options to purchase 20% of the shares vesting on October 25, 2006, and the remainder vesting on a pro rata basis on each quarterly anniversary thereafter over the next four years. The option will be fully vested on October 25, 2010.
(6) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on August 9, 2007. One-fourth of the restricted shares vest on each anniversary of the date of grant such that all shares will be vested on August 9, 2011.
(7) | These options were granted on January 10, 2006. One-third of the options vested on January 10, 2007, and the remaining options vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after January 10, 2006 such that the options will be fully vested on January 10, 2009.
(8) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond. One-fourth of the restricted shares vest on each anniversary of March 25, 2008, such that all shares will be vested on March 25, 2012.
(9) | These options were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond. One-fourth of the options will vest on March 25, 2009, and the remaining options vest in twelve equal installments each calendar quarter after March 25, 2009 such that the options will be fully vested on March 25, 2012. 21 Table of Contents (10) | These options were granted on June 19, 2006 in connection with Mr. Burke’s employment with Diamond. One-third of the options vested on June 19, 2007, and the remaining options vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after June 19, 2007 such that the options will be fully vested on June 19, 2009.
(11) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on June 19, 2006 in connection with Mr. Burke’s employment with Diamond. One-third of the restricted shares vest on each anniversary of June 19, 2006, such that all shares will be vested on June 19, 2009.
(12) | These options were granted on March 14, 2007 in connection with Mr. Burke’s promotion to Senior Vice President, Marketing. One-third of the options vested on March 14, 2008, and the remaining options will vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after March 14, 2008 such that the options will be fully vested on March 14, 2010.
(13) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on May 2, 2006. One-third of the restricted shares vest on each anniversary of the date of grant such that all shares will be vested on May 2, 2019. 2008
 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Shares | Value Realized | Number of Shares | Value Realized on
Acquired on Exercise | on Exercise | Acquired on Vesting | Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#)(1) | ($)(2)
Michael Mendes | — | — | 91,478 | 2,230,253
Gary Ford | — | — | 33,655 | 824,642
Steven Neil | — | — | 2,352 | 58,588
Andrew Burke | — | — | 5,000 | 107,300
Stephen Kim | — | — | 4,994 | 112,804
Seth Halio(3) | — | — | 22,818 | 411,600 (1) | Represents shares of restricted stock that vested during fiscal 2008.
(2) | The market price used in determining the value realized was calculated using the closing share price on the date of vesting.
(3) | Mr. Halio, the former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Diamond, departed the company in February 2008. In connection with his departure, Diamond agreed to accelerate the vesting of 21,000 shares of restricted stock effective March 14, 2008. PENSION
 BENEFITS We maintain the Diamond Walnut Growers Retirement Restoration
 Plan, a defined benefit pension plan that provides unfunded,
 non-qualified benefits. The normal retirement benefit provided
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan is payable as an annuity
 beginning at age 60. The benefit is the amount by which the
 monthly target benefit under the plan exceeds the monthly
 benefit that was paid out in a prior year from the Diamond
 Foods, Inc. Pension Plan, a qualified defined benefit pension
 plan we sponsored previously but then terminated. The target
 benefit under the Retirement Restoration Plan is the amount
 resulting from the formula below that produces the higher
 benefit: • | 2% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service. Once this amount is calculated, subtract 1% multiplied by the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 40 years).
• | 3% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). Once this amount is calculated, add 1 / 2 % of the annual average compensation multiplied by the years of credited service that exceed 15 years. Once this amount is added, subtract 3 1 / 3 % of the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). 22 Table of Contents For the purposes of these calculations, annual average
 compensation is the highest average of annual compensation over
 five consecutive years out of the ten years preceding the date
 of termination of employment. Compensation includes base salary
 and bonus. The rules governing early retirement eligibility under the
 Retirement Restoration Plan are: • | Early retirement is available on the first day of any month that coincides with or immediately follows the 50th birthday, but not before reaching ten years of service with Diamond.
• | Benefits may start at any time between age 50 and 60. The amount of the early retirement benefit is the amount that
 would have otherwise been payable upon normal retirement
 beginning at age 60, minus 1 / 3 %
 per month for each month early retirement precedes the
 age 60 normal retirement date. The Retirement Restoration Plan currently allows the participant
 to choose from a number of methods to receive accrued benefits,
 which include the following: • | Single life annuity — A single life annuity provides a monthly benefit until death. This option also includes an alternative allowing for 3% annual benefit increases for inflation protection (in which case the starting benefit is lower).
• | Life annuity with 5 or 10 years certain — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit for life. If death occurs before the end of the 5 or 10 years, the designated beneficiary will receive the same monthly benefit for the remainder of the 5 or 10 year period.
• | Joint and survivor annuity — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit paid for life. If the participant dies before their beneficiary, the beneficiary receives the selected percentage (50%, 66 2 / 3 %, 75%, or 100%) of that monthly benefit for the rest of his or her life. A 75% joint and survivor annuity is also available with 3% annual benefit increases for inflation protection (in which case the starting benefit is lower).
• | Social Security adjustment option — Under this option, the single life annuity amount is adjusted to provide a higher benefit prior to age 65 and a lower benefit thereafter (anticipating that the participant might commence social security benefits at age 65).
• | Immediate annuity — If a participant is not yet eligible for early retirement but their original hire date was before August 1, 2000, the participant is eligible to receive a reduced annuity payable immediately upon termination. If the participant is single, the benefit is paid in the “single life annuity” form of payment, described above, and if married, the benefit is paid as a “50% joint and survivor” annuity. This annuity is actuarially reduced to be payable at the age at termination.
• | Lump sum payment — Under this form, the participant receives a single cash payment (lump sum) equal to the actuarial present value of the vested benefit. The lump sum amount is determined using the basis set forth in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade — Retirement Protection Act of 1994 (“GATT”), utilizing the average 30-year T-bond rate for the month two months prior to the month of distribution. The higher the interest rate, the lower the lump sum, and vice versa. Determination
 of Value The amounts shown are based on retirement at age 60, which
 is the earliest age at which an unreduced retirement benefit is
 payable under the Retirement Restoration Plan. Other key
 assumptions used to determine the amounts are as follows: • | An interest rate of 7%, the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87, Employers’ Accounting for Pensions (“SFAS 87”) discount rate as of July 31, 2008. The discount rate as of July 31, 2007 was 6.4%.
• | The value of benefits under the SERP has been determined assuming the benefit is received as a lump sum, with the conversion based on a 6% interest rate and the unisex Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality table (the same assumptions as at July 31, 2007). 23 Table of Contents Our Chief Executive Officer currently is the sole participant in
 the Retirement Restoration Plan. The table below shows for him
 the number of years of credited service, present value of
 accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan. The years of credited
 service are years of service while employed by us, and no
 additional years of credited service have been granted. 2008
 Pension Benefits Present Value of | Payments
Number of Years | Accumulated | During Last
Credited Service | Benefit | Fiscal Year
Name | Plan Name | (#) | ($) | ($)
Michael Mendes | Retirement Restoration Plan | 15.8 | 1,699,872 | — Potential
 Payments upon Employment Termination and Change-of-Control
 Events We have entered into change-of-control agreements with our
 executive officers. Under these agreements, if we sell all or
 substantially all of our assets, complete a merger after which
 our stockholders before the merger do not own more than 50% of
 the surviving or successor entity’s outstanding voting
 securities after the merger, or any person or entity acquires
 50% or more of our outstanding voting securities, and then after
 such change of control the successor entity terminates the
 executive officer without cause (as defined below) or the
 executive officer terminates his employment for good reason (as
 defined below), then the vesting of the executive officer’s
 restricted stock and stock options will accelerate and the
 executive will become entitled to receive severance payments
 equal to a multiple of his current yearly salary and maximum
 bonus. The multiple is three times for Mr. Mendes and
 Mr. Ford, two times for Mr. Neil and one time for
 Mr. Burke and Mr. Kim. In addition, if an executive
 officer elects to continue medical and/or dental coverage after termination, he will receive a monthly
 payment equal to the premium(s) for the coverage elected for
 himself and his dependents. Under these agreements, the term “cause” means
 termination of employment due to the officer’s willful and
 continued failure to perform his or her duties to the Company or
 its successor after we (or our successor or the surviving
 entity) deliver a written demand for substantial performance to
 the officer, provided that this demand specifically identifies
 how we (or our successor or the surviving entity) believe that
 the officer has not substantially performed his or her or her
 duties, or the officer’s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to felony criminal conduct. Under these agreements, the term “good reason” means
 in each case without the officer’s consent or waiver: a
 material diminution of the officer’s duties or authority
 with Diamond, or the assignment of duties and responsibilities
 inconsistent with his or her status at Diamond, as of the date
 of the change of control; a reduction in base salary or material
 reduction in benefits as of the date of the change in control
 without the express written consent of the officer; any breach
 by us of any of our material obligations under our agreements
 with the officer; or a reassignment that requires the officer to
 move his or her principal work location more than 50 miles. In addition, in connection with commencement of his employment
 as Chief Executive Officer, we agreed to provide Mr. Mendes
 with termination benefits independent of a change of control
 transaction. If we terminate Mr. Mendes’ employment
 for any reason other than due to his willful breach of duty,
 habitual neglect of duty or continued incapacity to perform, he
 is entitled to continuation of his salary and health, dental and
 vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months, and we have
 agreed to provide him with up to $10,000 in outplacement
 services. The tables below present estimated payments and benefits that
 would have been provided to each of our named executive officers
 assuming their respective terminations as of July 31, 2008
 pursuant to their change of control agreements, with respect to
 all of the named executive officers, and pursuant to the
 employment letter agreement, with respect to Mr. Mendes. As
 a condition of receiving any severance benefits in connection
 with the change of control agreements, a named executive officer
 must execute a full waiver and release of all claims in our
 favor and agree to abide by certain covenants regarding
 confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees, non-interference
 with our business relationships and non-competition. In addition
 to the benefits 24 Table of Contents described in the tables below, upon termination of employment
 the named executive officers may also be eligible for other
 benefits that are generally available to all salaried employees,
 such as life insurance, long-term disability, and 401(k)
 benefits. Michael Mendes | Gary Ford | Steve Neil | Andrew Burke | Stephen Kim
Termination after Change of Control:
Severance — Multiple of Base Salary and Maximum Annual Bonus Program Award | $ | 3,243,000 | $ | 1,530,000 | $ | 1,360,000 | $ | 369,750 | $ | 286,375
Post-termination COBRA reimbursement for 18 months | 22,559 | 22,559 | 22,559 | 22,559 | 22,559
Acceleration of unvested restricted stock as of July 31, 2008(1) | 2,116,643 | 1,094,132 | 1,094,400 | 364,800 | 299,914
Acceleration of unvested options as of July 31, 2008(1) | 769,085 | 9,917 | 272,250 | 121,246 | 3,878
Total | $ | 6,151,287 | $ | 2,656,609 | $ | 2,749,209 | $ | 878,355 | $ | 612,726
Voluntary Retirement:
Payment under Retirement Restoration Plan(2) | $ | 1,699,872 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Involuntary Termination:
Post-termination outplacement services | $ | 10,000 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Post-termination base salary, health and welfare benefit continuation (12 months)(3) | 563,059 | — | — | — | —
Total | $ | 573,059 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — (1) | Amounts shown represent acceleration of vesting triggered by termination event after a change of control based on $24.32 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on July 31, 2008.
(2) | Amounts reflect estimated lump-sum present value of non-qualified retirement plan benefits.
(3) | Amounts reflect 12 months of base salary and COBRA reimbursements as of July 31, 2008. DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION The following table shows the compensation earned in fiscal 2008
 by members of our board of directors: Fees Earned or
Paid in Cash | Stock Awards | Option Awards | Total
Name | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)(3)(4)(5) | ($)
Larry Baer | 41,000 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 141,092
Ed Blechschmidt(6) | 14,167 | 14,031 | 19,972 | 48,170
Jack Gilbert | 43,500 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 143,592
Bob Lea | 40,500 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 140,592
Dennis Mussell | 42,000 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 142,092
Steven Neil(7) | 40,000 | 23,558 | 34,819 | 98,377
Joe Silveira | 40,000 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 104,092
Glen Warren | 43,500 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 143,592
Bob Zollars | 44,000 | 39,993 | 60,099 | 144,092 (1) | Our non-employee directors receive annual retainer and meeting fees. During fiscal 2008, the annual retainer was $18,000 and meeting fees were $2,000 for each board meeting attended. In addition, the 25 Table of Contents chairman of the board of directors and the chairman of the audit committee each received an annual retainer of $5,000, and the compensation committee chair and nominating and governance committee chair each received an annual retainer of $2,500. Committee members received meeting fees of $500 for each committee meeting attended. All of our directors are reimbursed for their reasonable expenses in attending board and board committee meetings.
(2) | Upon their initial appointment or election to our board of directors, each non-employee director receives an automatic grant of restricted stock under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of shares is equal to $120,000 divided by the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. Each such automatic stock grant is restricted, meaning that we retain the right to repurchase the shares for the nominal purchase price until they are vested. The restricted shares vest in three equal annual installments, commencing with the first anniversary of the date of grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as a director through that date. Prior to vesting, the director is entitled to vote and receive dividends with respect to such shares, but not to transfer them. Each award will become fully vested if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the director’s termination of service. The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to the awards of restricted shares granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 31 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(3) | Under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, each non-employee director receives an automatic grant of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock upon first joining the board of directors. The option will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. Non-employee directors who were members of the board on the date of our initial public offering on July 20, 2005, received their initial, automatic grant on such date, with an exercise price equal to our initial public offering price of $17.00 per share. Mr. Blechschmidt joined the Board on March 25, 2008. Accordingly, he received a grant of an option to purchase 10,000 shares at an exercise price of $18.27 per share.
(4) | Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan provides that each non-employee director will receive an automatic grant of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on each anniversary of the date of grant of the initial option. Accordingly, on July 20, 2008, each non-employee director other than Mr. Blechschmidt received this automatic grant with an exercise price equal to $24.91 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on such date. Mr. Blechschmidt will receive an automatic grant on each March 25 while he is a Board member. These automatic option grants have ten-year terms and will terminate six months following the date the director ceases to be one of our directors or consultants or 12 months following that date, if the termination is due to death or disability. Each automatic grant of options vests and becomes exercisable on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as a director through that date. In addition, each option award will become fully vested and exercisable if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the director’s termination of service.
(5) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 31 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(6) | Mr. Blechschmidt joined Diamond’s Board in March 2008.
(7) | Mr. Neil joined Diamond as an employee in March 2008. The fees indicated in the table above were paid to Mr. Neil as a Board member before he became an employee. 26 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
 COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The compensation committee currently consists of Laurence Baer,
 Glen Warren and Robert Zollars. None of the members of the
 compensation committee is, or was at any time, an officer or
 employee of Diamond or any of its subsidiaries. None of our
 executive officers serves or has served on the board of
 directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one
 or more executive officers serving an our board of directors or
 compensation committee during the most recently completed fiscal
 year. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth information as of July 31,
 2008 regarding equity awards under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan: Equity
 Compensation Plan Information Table Weighted | Number of Securities
Number of Securities | Average Exercise | Available for Future
to be Issued Upon | Price of | Issuance Under Equity
Exercise of | Outstanding | Compensation Plans
Outstanding Options, | Options, Warrants | (Excluding Securities
Warrants and Rights | and Rights | Reflected in Column (a))
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 1,510,303 | $ | 17.74 | 224,970 | (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 1,510,303 | $ | 17.74 | 224,970 | (1) (1) | All of the shares available for grant under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan may be issued in the form of stock options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock units. Under the terms of our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, on the first business day of each fiscal year through 2014, the aggregate number of shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to the plan is automatically increased by a number of shares equal to 2% of the total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding July 31, or a lesser number of shares determined by our board of directors, provided that no more than 25,000,000 shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Any related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by
 the audit committee or another independent body of the board of
 directors in accordance with the written Audit Committee Charter. Other than the arrangements described in “Corporate
 Governance and Board of Directors Matters —
 Independent Directors,” “Executive Compensation,”
 “Director Compensation” and the transactions
 described below, since August 1, 2006 there has not been,
 and there currently is not proposed, any transaction or series
 of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party: • | in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000; and
• | in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5% of any class of our common stock or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Grower
 Payments We have paid members of our board of directors who are currently
 growers from whom we purchase walnuts, or an affiliate of such
 growers, for walnut products we received from them in the
 ordinary course of 27 Table of Contents our business. The following table shows the payments received by
 the directors who also sold walnuts to us in fiscal 2008 and
 fiscal 2009 through October 17, 2008: Fiscal | Grower
Name | Year | Payments
John J. Gilbert(1) | 2009 | $ | 1,098,646
2008 | $ | 1,974,326
Robert M. Lea | 2009 | $ | 323,418
2008 | $ | 742,539 (1) | Represents amounts paid to Rio Oso Groves, Inc., of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer, and to Gilbert Orchards, a corporation of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer. Indemnification
 of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of
 Liability Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that
 eliminates the personal liability of our directors for monetary
 damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty as directors,
 except for liability: • | for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders;
• | for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
• | under section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases; or
• | for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our bylaws provide that we: • | must indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions;
• | may indemnify our other employees and agents to the same extent that we indemnified our directors and executive officers, unless otherwise required by law, our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or agreements; and
• | must advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
 directors and executive officers to give them additional
 contractual assurances regarding the scope of the
 indemnification provided in our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws and to provide additional procedural protections.
 Presently, there is no pending litigation or proceeding
 involving any of our directors, executive officers or employees
 for which indemnification is sought, nor are we aware of any
 threatened litigation that may result in claims for
 indemnification. We maintain liability insurance for our directors and officers
 and have obtained a rider to this coverage for securities
 matters. DEADLINE
 FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2010 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for consideration
 at forthcoming stockholder meetings provided that they comply
 with the proxy rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and our Bylaws. Under SEC rules, any stockholder who
 intends to present a proposal at our 2010 annual meeting of
 stockholders must submit the proposal, in writing, so that we
 receive it at our principal executive offices no later than
 August 10, 2009 in order for the proposal to be included in
 our proxy statement and proxy for the 2010 annual meeting.
 Stockholders wishing to present a proposal at our 2010 annual
 meeting of stockholders or to nominate a person to our board of
 directors at the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders (but not
 include 28 Table of Contents such nomination in the proxy statement) must submit such
 proposal or nominee to us no earlier than October 15, 2009
 and no later than November 14, 2009 if they wish for it to
 be eligible for presentation at our 2010 annual meeting. To be
 valid, submission of a director nominee must include the
 information contained in Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws. If the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more
 than 30 days earlier or 60 days later than the
 anniversary of the prior year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders, then nominations and stockholder proposals must be
 received not earlier than close of business on the
 105th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than
 close of business on the later to occur of (i) the
 75th day prior to the annual meeting or (ii) the
 10th day after the date we first publicly announced the
 date of the annual meeting. OTHER
 BUSINESS The board of directors knows of no other business that will be
 presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other
 matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is
 the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to
 vote the shares they represent as the board of directors may
 recommend. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, via telephone, or
 complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card
 in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting
 so that your shares will be represented at the Meeting. 29 Table of Contents Electronic Voting Instructions You can vote by Internet or telephone! Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may choose one of the two voting methods outlined below to vote your proxy. VALIDATION DETAILS ARE LOCATED BELOW IN THE TITLE BAR.
Proxies submitted by the Internet or telephone must be received by 1:00 a.m., Central Time, on January 28, 2009.
Vote by Internet • Log on to the Internet and go to www.investorvote.com • Follow the steps outlined on the secured website.
Vote by telephone • Call toll free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico any time on a touch tone telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call.
Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please do not write outside the designated areas. | x | • Follow the instructions provided by the recorded message. Annual Meeting Proxy Card | C0123456789 ▼ IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN
THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. ▼ A | Proposals — The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed and FOR Proposal 2. 1. | Election of Directors: | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | +
01 - Joseph P. Silvera | o | o | 02 - Laurence M. Baer | o | o | 03 - Michael J. Mendes | o | o For | Against | Abstain
2. Approval of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm. | o | o | o B | Non-Voting Items
Change of Address — Please print new address below. C | Authorized Signatures — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. — Date and Sign Below Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign.
When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. | Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. | Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the box.
/ / Table of Contents 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 Proxy — DIAMOND FOODS, INC. Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on January 28, 2009 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints Michael J. Mendes and John J. Gilbert, and each of them,
 as the Proxyholders, each with full powers of substitution, and hereby authorizes them
to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side, all shares of common stock of
 Diamond Foods, Inc. (the “COMPANY”) that the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual
 Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be held on January 28, 2009 at 9:00 a.m., at 455
Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10022 and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy, when properly executed and returned in a timely
manner, will be voted at the Meeting and any adjournment or
postponement thereof in the manner described herein. If no contrary
indication is made, the Proxy will be voted FOR the Proposals and in
 accordance with the judgement and in the discretion of the persons named
as Proxyholders herein on any other business that may properly come before
the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, to the extent authorized
by Rule 14A-4(c) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE,
DATE AND SIGN THIS PROXY CARD AND RETURN IT PRIOR TO THE MEETING IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. SEE REVERSE SIDE | CONTINUED AND TO BE VOTED ON REVERSE SIDE. | SEE REVERSE SIDE