8-K 1 f42128e8vk.htm FORM 8-K e8vk UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of report (Date of earliest event reported): July 14, 2008 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware | 000-51439 | 20-2556965
(State or Other Jurisdiction | (Commission | (IRS Employer
of Incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 1050 S. Diamond Street
Stockton, California | 95205
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (209) 467-6000 N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy
the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: o | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of
Principal Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On July 8, 2008, the Compensation Committee (the “Committee”) and the Board of Directors (the
“Board”) of Diamond Foods, Inc. (the “Company”) approved changes to the compensation programs for
the Company’s executive officers. The changes are designed to attract, retain and incent executive
management while more closely aligning their interests with the interests of the Company’s
stockholders. Each year, the Board and Committee consider whether to grant equity
awards to executives. Pursuant to a program approved by the Board and Committee on July 8, 2008,
executives may elect to receive in cash, rather than restricted stock, up to 50% of the
value of any restricted stock that otherwise would have been granted to them. The election must be
made in advance of the grant. If cash is elected, payments would be made in two equal
installments, with the first payment 60 days after the grant date
and the second payment on the anniversary of the grant date. The aggregate
amount of the payments would be equal to 95% of the value of the foregone restricted stock on the
date of grant. The remaining grant value would be awarded in the form of restricted stock, which
would be subject to vesting. This program is designed to allow an executive officer a degree of
individual choice regarding the elements of his or her compensation, which the Company believes
increases the perceived value of compensation, while potentially decreasing the Company’s
compensation expense. A further description of this program is included in Exhibit 99.01 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Annual
Bonus Program for officers is designed to reward officers for performance
that supports the Company’s business objectives and to pay variable compensation depending upon the
Company’s financial performance. A portion of each officer’s bonus will be paid based on the individual’s achievement of pre-determined goals, relating
to factors such as market share, revenue, profitability, cost
efficiency, products, brand equity, human capital, distribution, and financial and information
technology infrastructure. Another portion of each officer’s bonus will be paid based on the
Company’s performance relative to one or more company-wide financial metrics. Corporate financial
metrics may relate to, without limitation, revenues, gross margin, operating margin, earnings
growth, earnings per share, and non-GAAP calculations of any such metrics, at the discretion of the Committee. Actual objectives and metrics, minimum thresholds required to earn a
bonus, target bonus amounts, maximum bonus, and relative allocation bonus program components, will
be established from time to time by the Committee. A
further description of this program is included in Exhibit 99.02 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Board also approved stock ownership guidelines to more closely align the interests of Board
members and officers with the interests of Company
stockholders. Under the new guidelines, the Company’s Chairman of the Board of Directors is
expected to hold at least 75,000 shares of Diamond common stock, and all other Board members are
required to hold at least 15,000 shares. Each executive officer is expected to own the number of
shares equal in value to the following multiples of his or her base salary: Chief Executive
Officer – 500% of base salary; Executive Vice President – 200% of base salary; Senior Vice
President – 150% of base salary; and Vice President – 150% of base salary. Until the applicable 2 stock
ownership guideline is achieved, the officers otherwise eligible for the cash/stock election program outlined above are not entitled to participate in the program. Shares that count toward satisfaction of these stock ownership guidelines include: outstanding shares
beneficially owned by the executive or director, or by any of his or her immediate family members
residing in the same household, regardless of how such shares were acquired; outstanding shares beneficially
owned through any business entity controlled by such individual; outstanding shares held in trust for the
benefit of the executive or director or his or her family; outstanding shares of restricted
stock granted under company stock plans; and one-third of all shares subject to outstanding stock options
granted to the executive or director under Diamond’s stock plans. Executives and directors are expected to own the requisite shares
by the later of July 31, 2011 or three years after being appointed an executive officer or being
appointed or elected a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. A further
description of the stock ownership guidelines is included in Exhibit 99.02 to this Current Report
on Form 8-K. Section 9 – Financial Statements and Exhibits Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits (c) Exhibits. Exhibit | Description
99.1 | Cash/Stock Election Program Description
99.2 | Annual Bonus Program Description
99.2 | Stock Ownership Guidelines 3 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. DIAMOND FOODS, INC.
Date: July 14, 2008 | By: | /s/ Stephen Kim
Name: | Stephen Kim
Title: | Vice President, General Counsel 4 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit | Description
99.1 | Cash/Stock Election Program Description
99.2 | Annual Bonus Program Description
99.3 | Stock Ownership Guidelines