DEF 14A 1 f57325def14a.htm DEF 14A def14a Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o | Preliminary Proxy Statement
o | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
þ | Definitive Proxy Statement
o | Definitive Additional Materials
o | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ | No fee required
o | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11 (1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid: o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on January 18, 2011
PROXY STATEMENT
PROPOSAL NO. 1 -- ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE.
PROPOSAL NO. 2 -- RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
MANAGEMENT
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
2010 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
2010 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END
2010 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED
PENSION BENEFITS
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2012 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
OTHER BUSINESS Table of Contents November 29,
 2010 To our stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend Diamond Foods, Inc.’s
 2011 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual Meeting”)
 to be held at 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California
 94111 on Tuesday, January 18, 2011 at 9:00 a.m.,
 Pacific Time. The matters to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described
 in detail in the accompanying notice of the 2011 Annual Meeting
 and the proxy statement. The Annual Meeting materials include
 the notice, proxy statement, our annual report and proxy card,
 all of which are enclosed. Please use this opportunity to contribute to our company by
 voting on the matters to come before this Annual Meeting. Stockholders who hold shares in their own name through our
 transfer agent, Computershare, or who hold physical stock
 certificates can cast their vote online or by telephone. To
 vote online or by telephone, follow the instructions for online
 voting contained within your Annual Meeting materials. If you do
 not wish to vote online or by telephone, please complete, date,
 sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed
 postage-paid envelope so that your shares will be represented at
 the Annual Meeting. Voting online, by telephone or by returning
 the proxy card does not deprive you of your right to attend the
 Annual Meeting and to vote your shares in person. If you do
 attend the Annual Meeting and wish to vote your shares
 personally, you may revoke your proxy at or prior to the Annual
 Meeting. Sincerely, Michael J. Mendes Chairman of the Board of Directors President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 NOTICE OF
 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To Be Held on January 18,
 2011 To our stockholders: Diamond Foods, Inc.’s 2011 annual meeting of stockholders
 (“Annual Meeting”) will be held at 333 Battery
 Street, San Francisco, California 94111 on Tuesday,
 January 18, 2011 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
 upon the following matters: 1. The election of four Class III members to our Board
 of Directors, each to serve until our 2014 annual meeting of
 stockholders and until his successor has been elected and
 qualified or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.
 Our Board of Directors intends to present the following nominees
 for election as directors: John J. Gilbert, Steven M. Neil,
 Robert J. Zollars and Edward A. Blechschmidt. 2. The ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2011. 3. The transaction of any other business that may properly
 come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
 postponement of the Annual Meeting. These items of business are more fully described in the attached
 proxy statement. Only stockholders of record at the close of
 business on November 17, 2010 are entitled to notice of and
 to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement
 of the Annual Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors Stephen E. Kim Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
 Secretary San Francisco, California November 29, 2010 Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, by telephone, or by
 completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy
 card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual
 Meeting so that your shares will be represented . Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 PROXY
 STATEMENT November 29,
 2010 The accompanying proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of
 Directors (“Board”) of Diamond Foods, Inc., a Delaware
 corporation (“Diamond Foods” or “Company”),
 for use at the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held at 333 Battery
 Street, San Francisco, California 94111 on Tuesday,
 January 18, 2011 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time. This
 proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy card were
 first mailed to stockholders on or about November 29, 2010.
 Our 2011 Annual Report to Stockholders, in addition to our
 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are enclosed with this proxy statement. Record
 Date; Quorum Only holders of record of Diamond Foods common stock as of the
 close of business on November 17, 2010, the record date,
 will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. At the close of
 business on the record date, we had 21,969,022 shares of
 common stock outstanding and entitled to vote. A majority of the
 shares outstanding on the record date, present in person or
 represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the
 transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. Purpose
 of the Annual Meeting You will be voting on the following matters at the Annual
 Meeting: 1. The election of four Class III members to our
 Board, each to serve until our 2014 annual meeting of
 stockholders and until his successor has been elected and
 qualified or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.
 Our Board intends to present the following nominees for election
 as directors: John J. Gilbert, Steven M. Neil, Robert J. Zollars
 and Edward A. Blechschmidt. 2. The ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2011. 3. The transaction of any other business that may properly
 come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
 postponement of the Annual Meeting. Recommendation
 of the Board Our Board recommends that you vote: 1. “FOR” the election of each of the four
 Class III members to our Board (Proposal No. 1). 2. “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2011 (Proposal No. 2). Effect of
 Abstentions and Broker Discretionary Voting Shares held by a stockholder who indicates on the proxy card
 that he or she wishes to abstain from voting will not be taken
 into account in determining the outcome of the proposal.
 However, those shares are considered present and entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting and will count toward determining
 whether or not a quorum is present. A broker is entitled to vote
 shares held for a beneficial holder on routine matters, such as
 the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte &
 Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public
 accounting firm, without instructions from the beneficial holder
 of those shares. On the other hand, a broker may not be entitled
 to vote shares held for a beneficial holder on non-routine
 items, such as the election of directors, absent instructions
 from the beneficial holders of such shares. Consequently, if
 you do Table of Contents not submit any voting instructions to your broker, your
 shares will not be voted on these non-routine matters and will
 not be counted in determining the number of shares necessary for
 approval of these matters, although they will count for purposes
 of determining whether a quorum is present Voting
 Rights; Required Vote Stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common
 stock held as of the record date. Directors will be elected by a
 plurality of the shares of common stock present in person or
 represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
 on the election of directors. Stockholders do not have the right
 to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Approval
 of ratification appointing Deloitte & Touche LLP as
 our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
 year ending July 31, 2011 requires the affirmative vote of
 the holders of a majority of the shares represented and voting
 at the Annual Meeting, either in person or by proxy. The
 inspector of elections appointed for the Annual Meeting will
 separately tabulate the relevant affirmative and negative votes,
 abstentions and broker non-votes for each proposal. A majority
 of the outstanding shares, represented at the Annual Meeting in
 person or by proxy, is the quorum required to transact business
 at the Annual Meeting. Voting of
 Proxies Most stockholders have three options for submitting their votes,
 by Internet, telephone or mail. If you have Internet access, you
 may submit your proxy by following the “Vote by
 Internet” instructions on the proxy card. If you live in
 the United States or Canada, you may submit your proxy by
 following the “Vote by Telephone” instructions on the
 proxy card. If you complete and properly sign the proxy card you
 receive and return it to us in the prepaid envelope, your shares
 will be voted in accordance with the specifications made on the
 proxy card. If no specification is made on a signed and returned
 proxy card, the shares represented by the proxy will be voted
 “FOR” the appointment of Deloitte & Touche
 LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the
 fiscal year ending July 31, 2011 and in the discretion of
 the proxy holders or in accordance with the recommendations of
 our Board in the absence of a proxy holder on any other matter
 that may be properly brought before the Annual Meeting. We
 encourage stockholders with Internet access to record their
 votes on the Internet or, alternatively, to vote by
 telephone . Internet and telephone voting is convenient,
 saves on postage and mailing costs and is recorded immediately,
 minimizing risk that postal delays may cause votes to arrive
 late and therefore not be counted. Stockholders who attend the
 Annual Meeting may vote in person, and any previously submitted
 votes will be superseded by the vote cast at the Annual Meeting. Adjournment
 of Annual Meeting If the persons present or represented by proxy at the Annual
 Meeting constitute the holders of less than a majority of the
 outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date, the
 meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of
 obtaining a quorum. Expenses
 of Soliciting Proxies We will pay the expenses of assembling proxy materials and
 soliciting proxies for the Annual Meeting. After the original
 mailing of the proxy cards and other proxy materials, our
 directors, officers and employee also may solicit proxies by
 mail, telephone, facsimile or email, without receiving any
 additional compensation for such solicitation activities. After
 the original mailing of the proxy cards and other soliciting
 materials, we will request that brokers, banks, custodians,
 nominees and other record holders of our common stock forward
 copies of the proxy cards and other proxy materials to persons
 for whom they hold shares and request authority for the exercise
 of proxies. We will reimburse the record holders for their
 reasonable expenses if they ask us to do so. Additional
 Copy of the Proxy Materials We will deliver a single copy of the proxy materials to multiple
 stockholders who share the same address unless we received
 contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. Each
 stockholder will continue 2 Table of Contents to be able to access and receive separate proxy cards. Upon
 written request, we will deliver promptly a separate copy of the
 proxy materials to any stockholder at a shared address to which
 we delivered a single copy of the proxy materials. To receive a
 separate copy of the proxy materials, stockholders may write or
 call us at the following address and phone number: Investor
 Relations Diamond Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street, 17th Floor San Francisco, CA 94111 Telephone: (415) 445-7444 Stockholders who hold shares through a broker, bank, trustee or
 nominee may contact their brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer,
 or other similar organization to request additional copy of the
 proxy materials. Revocability
 of Proxies Any person signing a proxy card in the form accompanying this
 proxy statement has the power to revoke it at any time before it
 is voted. Registered holders may revoke a proxy by signing and
 returning a proxy card with a later date, by delivering a
 written notice of revocation to Computershare, our transfer
 agent, at P.O. Box 43102, Providence, Rhode Island
 02940, that the proxy is revoked or by attending the Annual
 Meeting and voting in person. The mere presence at the Annual
 Meeting of a stockholder who has previously appointed a proxy
 will not revoke the appointment. Please note, however, that if a
 stockholder’s shares are held of record by a broker, bank,
 trustee or other nominee and that stockholder wishes to vote at
 the Annual Meeting, the stockholder must bring to the Annual
 Meeting a letter from the broker, bank, trustee or other nominee
 confirming the stockholder’s beneficial ownership of the
 shares and that the broker, bank, trustee or other nominee is
 not voting the shares at the Annual Meeting. In the event of
 multiple online or telephone votes by a stockholder, each vote
 will supersede the previous vote and the last vote cast will be
 deemed to be the final vote of the stockholder unless such vote
 is revoked in person at the Annual Meeting. Electronic
 Delivery of Stockholder Communications We encourage you to help us conserve natural resources, as well
 as significantly reduce printing and mailing costs, by signing
 up to receive your stockholder communications electronically via e-mail. With
 electronic delivery, you will be notified via e-mail as
 soon as future Annual Reports and proxy statements are available
 on the Internet, and you can submit your stockholder votes
 online. Electronic delivery also can eliminate duplicate
 mailings and reduce the amount of bulky paper documents you
 maintain in your personal files. To sign up for electronic
 delivery: Registered Owner (you hold our common stock in your own
 name through our transfer agent, Computershare, or you are in
 possession of stock certificates): visit www.computershare.com to enroll. Beneficial Owner (your shares are held by a brokerage
 firm, a bank, a trustee or a nominee):
 visit https://www.us.computershare.com/investor to
 enroll. Your electronic delivery enrollment will be effective until you
 cancel it. Stockholders who are record owners of shares of our
 common stock may call Computershare, our transfer agent, at (800) 733-5001 with questions about electronic delivery. PROPOSAL NO. 1 —
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board currently consists of ten directors, four of whom are
 the Class III directors standing for election at the Annual
 Meeting. It is intended that the proxies will be voted for the
 four nominees named below for election to our Board unless
 authority to vote for any such nominee is withheld. All of the
 nominees are presently members of our Board. 3 Table of Contents Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the
 number of nominees named. If any nominee for any reason is
 unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxies
 may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may
 determine. We are not aware of any nominee who will be unable
 to, or for good cause will not, serve as a director, and each
 nominee has confirmed that he will serve on the Board if
 elected. The term of office of each person elected as a director
 will continue until the 2014 annual meeting of our stockholders
 or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Nominees The names of the nominees, their ages and background information
 are set forth below: Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
John J. Gilbert | 67 | Owner and President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc. | 2005
Steven M. Neil | 58 | Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005
Robert J. Zollars | 53 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc. | 2005
Edward A. Blechschmidt | 58 | Retired, director on four public company boards | 2008 John J. Gilbert has served as Chairman Emeritus since
 January 2010. He served as the Chairman of our Board from July
 2005 to January 2010 and was Chairman of the Board of our
 predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers, from 1996 to July
 2005. Since 1983, Mr. Gilbert has been the owner and
 President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc., each of
 which is a family corporation focusing on walnuts.
 Mr. Gilbert holds a B.S. from California Polytechnic State
 University, San Luis Obispo. Mr. Gilbert was selected
 as a director nominee because of his in-depth experience in
 agribusiness, his long-term perspective on Diamond as a result
 of his service on the Board of Diamond Walnut Growers, his
 knowledge and expertise in the tree-nut industry and his close
 ties with our international customers, particularly in Japan and
 Korea. Steven M. Neil has served as our Executive Vice
 President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer since
 March 2008. In addition, Mr. Neil has served on our Board
 since July 2005. Prior to joining Diamond Foods, Mr. Neil
 was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The
 Cooper Companies, Inc., a company that manufactures specialty
 healthcare products, from April 2007 until March 2008. From
 January 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Neil was Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper Companies.
 From July 2003 to January 2005, Mr. Neil served as
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 of Ocular Sciences, Inc., a contact lens company. From October
 1997 to June 2003, Mr. Neil was Executive Vice President,
 Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of
 Sola International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. Mr. Neil
 holds a B.A. from the University of California,
 Santa Barbara, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of
 Management at the University of California, Los Angeles.
 Mr. Neil was selected as a director nominee given his
 extensive general and financial management experience in a wide
 variety of industries and his role in leading our operations and
 finance functions. Robert J. Zollars has served as Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a company
 providing instant wireless communications solutions, since June
 2007. From May 2006 to June 2007, Mr. Zollars was President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Wound Care Solutions, LLC, a
 holding company that operates chronic wound care centers in
 partnership with hospitals in the U.S. From July 1999 to
 March 2006, Mr. Zollars was chairman of the Board of
 Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Neoforma, Inc., a
 provider of supply chain management solutions for the healthcare
 industry. From 1997 to July 1999, Mr. Zollars served as
 Executive Vice President and Group President of Cardinal Health,
 Inc., a healthcare products and services company. Earlier in his
 career, while employed at Baxter International, a healthcare
 products and services company, Mr. Zollars served as
 President of a dietary products joint venture between Baxter
 International and Kraft General Foods. Mr. Zollars holds a
 B.S. from Arizona State University and an M.B.A. from John F.
 Kennedy University. Mr. Zollars was selected as a director
 nominee as a result of his experience 4 Table of Contents in serving as the chief executive of public companies and
 running businesses from $100 million to over
 $5 billion in revenue, and his expertise in general
 management, corporate strategy, and mergers and acquisitions. Edward A. Blechschmidt was Chief Executive Officer of
 Novelis Corp. from December 2006 until its sale to the Birla
 Group on May 2007. Mr. Blechschmidt was Chairman, Chief
 Executive Officer and President of Gentiva Health Services,
 Inc., a leading provider of specialty pharmaceutical and home
 health care services, from March 2000 to June 2002. From March
 1999 to March 2000, Mr. Blechschmidt served as Chief
 Executive Officer and a director of Olsten Corporation, the
 conglomerate from which Gentiva Health Services was split off
 and taken public. He served as President of Olsten from October
 1998 to March 1999. Mr. Blechschmidt also served as
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Siemens Nixdorf America
 and Siemens Pyramid Technologies from July 1996 to October 1998.
 Prior to Siemens, he spent more than 20 years with Unisys
 Corporation, including serving as its Chief Financial Officer.
 Mr. Blechschmidt serves as a director of Healthsouth Corp.,
 Lionbridge Technologies, Inc., and Columbia Laboratories, Inc.
 In addition, he served on the board of directors of Neoforma,
 Inc. from 2003 to 2006 and Option Care, Inc. from 2005 to 2007.
 Mr. Blechschmidt was selected as a director nominee given
 his extensive background in executive management, mergers and
 acquisitions, and his financial and accounting expertise,
 including as Audit Committee Chairman for other public companies. The three directors below are Class I members of our Board.
 Their terms expire at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders. Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Joseph P. Silveira | 63 | President of Farmland Management Services, Inc. | 2005
Laurence M. Baer | 53 | President, San Francisco Giants | 2005
Michael J. Mendes | 47 | Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005 Joseph P. Silveira served as a member of Board of
 Directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from June 2002 to July 2005. Mr. Silveira also served on
 the Board of Valley Fig Growers from 1992 to 2004, an
 agricultural cooperative, and while on that Board, he also
 served on the Board of Directors of Sun Diamond, a master
 cooperative organization that included Diamond Walnut Growers.
 Since 1994, Mr. Silveira has served as President of
 Farmland Management Services, Inc., an agricultural services
 company, directing property acquisitions, operations, leases and
 sales on behalf of clients including large institutional
 investors. Mr. Silveira holds a B.S. from California
 Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.
 Mr. Silveira brings considerable expertise in agribusiness
 to Diamond Foods, including strategic insight in commodity
 markets and large-scale production of agricultural products, his
 long-term perspective on Diamond as a result of his service on
 the Board of Diamond Walnut Growers and Sun Diamond, and his
 valuable contacts in the tree-nut industry. Laurence M. Baer has served as the President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club, a major league baseball
 team, since October 2008. Prior to becoming President,
 Mr. Baer was Executive Vice President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club since 1992 and was its
 Chief Operating Officer since 1996. From 1985 through 1989,
 Mr. Baer served on marketing positions at Westinghouse
 Broadcasting. From 1990 until 1992, Mr. Baer served as
 Assistant to the Chairman of CBS, Inc., a media and
 entertainment corporation. Mr. Baer holds a B.A. from the
 University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from Harvard
 Business School. Mr. Baer brings to Diamond a background in
 marketing, media and general management and lends his expertise
 to our strategic focus on building our consumer brands,
 including the use of advertising and consumer promotions. Michael J. Mendes has served as our Chairman, President
 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2010 and served
 as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 1997.
 Mr. Mendes served as our Vice President of International
 Sales and Marketing prior to being appointed as our Chief
 Executive Officer. He began his career in international
 marketing at the Dole Food Company. Mr. Mendes currently
 serves on the Board of Grocery Manufacturers Association and is
 currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a 5 Table of Contents wine company. Mr. Mendes received an M.B.A. from the
 Anderson School of Management at the University of California,
 Los Angeles. Mr. Mendes serves on our Board as a result of
 his in-depth knowledge of Diamond Foods’ products and
 strategies and his extensive international experience. As Chief
 Executive Officer, he has led Diamond through rapid growth and
 transformation into a consumer packaged goods company. The three directors below are Class II members of our
 Board. Their terms expire at the 2013 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Nominee | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Robert M. Lea | 67 | Founder and Owner, Law Offices of Robert Lea | 2005
Dennis Mussell | 68 | Retired, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International | 2005
Glen C. Warren, Jr. | 54 | President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources LLC | 2005 Robert M. Lea served as a member of the Board of
 Directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from 1993 to July 2005. Since November 2004, Mr. Lea has
 practiced law as a solo practitioner with the Law Offices of
 Robert Lea, which he founded. From January 2004 to November
 2004, Mr. Lea served as the Managing Partner of Lea and
 Shepherd, a law firm. From 1984 to December 2003, Mr. Lea
 was a partner of the law firm Lea & Arruti.
 Mr. Lea holds a B.A. from the University of California,
 Davis and a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley,
 School of Law (Boalt Hall). Mr. Lea brings to Diamond Foods
 extensive legal experience handling complex civil cases,
 business experience generally, a long-term perspective on
 Diamond as a result of his service on the Board of Diamond
 Walnut Growers, and his insights on the walnut industry,
 tree-nut commodity markets and general economic conditions
 affecting Diamond. Dennis Mussell is the retired former President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International, a
 packaged seafood company, after serving from August 1997 until
 January 2005. Prior to holding this position, Mr. Mussell
 served in various senior capacities with Van Camp Seafood
 Company, Inc., the predecessor corporation to Chicken of the Sea
 International, including most recently Chief Operating Officer.
 Mr. Mussell has extensive work experience in the packaged
 food industry and brings to Diamond Foods his knowledge and
 understanding of food manufacturing and the retail environment.
 Mr. Mussell holds a B.S. from Southwest Missouri State
 University. Glen C. Warren, Jr. has served as President, Chief
 Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources LLC, a
 natural gas exploration and production company, since June 2002.
 Prior to joining Antero Resources LLC, Mr. Warren served as
 a Managing Director of Concert Energy Advisors, an investment
 banking advisory firm to energy companies, from November 2001 to
 June 2002. From 1998 to March 2001, Mr. Warren served as
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and a member
 of the Board of Directors of Pennaco Energy, Inc., an energy
 exploration and production company. From 1989 to 1998,
 Mr. Warren was an investment banker with Dillon,
 Read & Co., Inc., Kidder, Peabody & Co.
 Incorporated and Lehman Brothers Inc. From July 2004 to May
 2007, Mr. Warren served on the board of Venoco, Inc.
 Mr. Warren holds a B.A. from the University of Mississippi,
 a J.D. from the University of Mississippi School of Law and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. Mr. Warren has wide-ranging
 experience and expertise in mergers and acquisitions, finance,
 and investment banking, which assist us in assessing strategic
 transactions to support our growth plans. CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE MATTERS We are committed to maintaining high standards of business
 conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are essential
 to running our business efficiently, serving our stockholders
 well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. We have
 adopted a code of conduct and ethics for our directors, officers
 and employees, known as the Diamond Code of Conduct. Our
 certificate of incorporation, bylaws, committee charters and
 Diamond Code of Conduct form our corporate governance framework.
 The Diamond Code of Conduct and the charters governing the
 responsibilities and duties of each of the Audit Committee, 6 Table of Contents Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee
 are available through the investor relations page at our
 website: www.diamondfoods.com . We will post on this
 website any amendments to the Diamond Code of Conduct or waivers
 of the Diamond Code of Conduct for our directors and executive
 officers. Composition
 of Board of Directors Our Board has ten authorized members, who are John J. Gilbert,
 Robert M. Lea, Joseph P. Silveira, Laurence M. Baer, Dennis
 Mussell, Steven M. Neil, Glen C. Warren, Robert J. Zollars,
 Edward A. Blechschmidt and Michael J. Mendes. Our Board is divided into three classes: • | Class I directors, whose terms expire at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders;
• | Class II directors, whose terms expire at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders; and
• | Class III directors, whose terms expire at the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to
 directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from
 the time of their election and qualification until the third
 annual meeting following their election. Leadership
 Structure The Board regularly considers the appropriate leadership
 structure for Diamond Foods and believes that it is important to
 retain the flexibility to provide the best leadership structure
 for Diamond Foods at any given point in time. This approach
 allows the Board to utilize its considerable experience and
 knowledge to elect the most qualified director as Chairman of
 the Board, while maintaining the ability to separate the
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles at it deems
 appropriate. In January 2010, Mr. Gilbert stepped down from
 his position as Chairman, and the Board appointed him to the
 newly created position of Chairman Emeritus to serve the Company
 in providing outreach to the Company’s walnut suppliers and
 customers, particularly in the international markets. At the
 same time, the Board appointed Mr. Mendes Chairman of the
 Board and maintained him in his position as Chief Executive
 Officer. The Board believes Mr. Mendes possesses detailed and
 in-depth knowledge of the issues, opportunities and challenges
 currently facing Diamond Foods, and he possess a strong
 understanding and appreciation of corporate governance best
 practices. As a result, he is well positioned to develop agendas
 that ensure the Board’s time and attention are focused on
 the most critical issues, and this combined role enables clear
 accountability and enhances Diamond Foods’ ability to
 communicate its message and strategy clearly and consistently to
 our stockholders, employees and customers. This structure has
 served the Company and its stockholders well, as evidenced by
 the Company’s success in driving growth and continuing to
 build brand equity, including the acquisition of Kettle Foods.
 The Board is comprised of a majority of independent directors,
 and the Board believes that the independent directors provide
 effective oversight of management. Board of
 Directors Meetings and Committees During the 2010 fiscal year, our Board met five times and acted
 by unanimous written consent twice. No director attended fewer
 than 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board held while
 the director served and the total number of meetings held by all
 committees of the Board on which the director served during the
 2010 fiscal year. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is
 responsible for the appointment, compensation, retention and
 oversight of the work of the independent auditor; reviews the
 results and scope of the audit, audit-related and other services
 provided by the independent auditor; monitors and reviews the
 integrity of the processes and systems relative to financial
 information used by the Board or disseminated to stockholders,
 the financial community and regulatory authorities; and reviews
 the internal accounting procedures and controls with the
 Company’s financial and accounting staff, and receives
 reports from the independent auditor and management 7 Table of Contents regarding, and reviews and discusses the adequacy and
 effectiveness of, the Company’s internal control over
 financial reporting, including any significant deficiencies or
 material weaknesses. The members of our Audit Committee
 currently are Mr. Silveira, Mr. Mussell and
 Mr. Blechschmidt, with Mr. Blechschmidt serving as
 chairman of the committee. The Board has determined that
 Mr. Blechschmidt qualifies as an “Audit Committee
 financial expert” as defined by the rules of the Securities
 and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and that all of the
 members of the Audit Committee are independent under applicable
 NASDAQ listing standards. The Audit Committee met five times
 during the 2010 fiscal year. The Audit Committee is governed by
 a charter adopted by the Board. The charter is available upon
 written request to the Company at Diamond Foods, Inc., 600
 Montgomery Street, 17th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111,
 attention: Investor Relations. Compensation Committee. The Compensation
 Committee reviews and determines the compensation and benefits
 of our officers and directors. The committee also administers
 our equity compensation and employee benefits plans and reviews
 general policies relating to compensation and benefits. To
 support the committee’s duties, Diamond Foods has
 commissioned compensation studies to provide the committee and
 management with benchmarks regarding base salary, bonus, and
 long-term equity incentives for executive officers. The members
 of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Baer, Mr. Warren
 and Mr. Zollars, with Mr. Zollars serving as chairman
 of the committee. The Board has determined that all of the
 members of the Compensation Committee are independent directors
 as defined under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The
 Compensation Committee met twice during the 2010 fiscal year.
 The Compensation Committee is governed by a charter adopted by
 the Board. The charter is available upon written request to the
 Company at Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street, 17th
 Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, attention: Investor
 Relations. Role of Independent Consultant. At the end of
 fiscal 2009, we retained Radford to serve as a third-party
 compensation consultant to assist both management and the
 Compensation Committee in evaluating executive compensation
 programs and amounts of executive and director compensation. We
 believe that utilizing an independent compensation consultant
 helped us assure that our executive compensation programs are
 reasonable and consistent with our objectives. To prepare for
 evaluation of executive compensation for fiscal 2010, Radford
 reviewed market data for base salaries, actual total cash
 compensation, annualized value of long-term incentive awards,
 and actual total direct compensation for positions comparable to
 those held by our named executive officers. Radford recommended
 that compensation levels within 20% above or below the median,
 in the case of cash compensation, and 35% above or below the
 median in the case of equity compensation, to be within
 competitive norms for senior management level positions. Radford
 was not asked to make recommendations about the form of
 executive compensation, but was informed about the elements of
 executive compensation we use and instructed to recommend
 appropriate ranges for each of those compensation elements. For
 the fiscal year ended July 31, 2010, Radford billed Diamond
 Foods for no other work. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee
 believed that Radford provided independent advice during the
 time it served as the compensation consultant. Radford developed benchmarks for compensation of the principal
 executive officer and the principal financial officer from a
 peer group of eleven public companies based on their public
 proxy statement disclosures. Radford also developed benchmarks
 for other executive officer compensation by analyzing the
 results of three third-party reports on executive compensation
 paid by entities of similar revenue size in the non-durable
 goods manufacturing and food industries. The reports were
 “Executive Compensation Survey, 2008” (William M.
 Mercer), “Top Management Compensation, Regression Analysis
 Report, 2008/2009” (Watson Wyatt Data Services) and
 “CDB Executive Compensation Database, 2007 Single
 Regression Report” (Towers Perrin). The Compensation
 Committee used the information derived from the peer group to
 assist it in making compensation decisions for our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, since those were
 the positions that were most easily matched in the peer group.
 The Compensation Committee used the result from the third party
 surveys to assist in making compensation decisions for the other
 named executive officers. To prepare for review of executive
 compensation for fiscal 2011, the Compensation Committee decided
 to make a change in compensation consultants to provide a fresh
 perspective on compensation practices, since Radford had advised
 on compensation matters for over five years. Accordingly, toward
 the end of fiscal 2010, the Compensation Committee retained
 Mercer to serve as a third-party compensation consultant to
 assist in 8 Table of Contents evaluating executive compensation programs and amounts of
 executive and director compensation starting with fiscal 2011. Analysis of Risk in Compensation
 Structure. The Compensation Committee considers,
 in establishing and reviewing the Company’s employee
 compensation programs, whether the programs encourage
 unnecessary or excessive risk taking, and has concluded that
 none of our compensation programs create risks that are
 reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the
 Company. Our management and the Compensation Committee believe
 that our compensation programs are balanced and do not motivate
 or encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking and certain
 key attributes of our compensation programs help reduce the
 likelihood of excessive risk taking. Our compensation program
 provides a balanced mix of cash and equity compensation, fixed
 and variable compensation and annual and long-term incentives. • | Employee base salaries are fixed in amount and thus do not encourage risk taking.
• | Our annual bonus plan focuses on achievement of annual goals, which management and the Compensation Committee believe appropriately balances risk and the desire to focus employees on specific short-term goals important to our success. Since our annual bonus plan represents only a portion of employees’ total compensation opportunities, and the short-term or long-term objectives are designed to be consistent with our overall business plan and strategy, as approved by the Board, we believe that the bonus program does not encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking.
• | Compensation provided to employees is in the form of long-term equity awards help align employees’ interests with those of the Company’s stockholders. Management and the Compensation Committee believe that these awards help reduce risk taking since the ultimate value of the awards is tied to the Company’s stock price, and since awards are staggered and subject to long-term vesting schedules, they help ensure that executives have significant value tied to long term stock price performance. Nominating and Governance Committee. The
 Nominating and Governance Committee makes recommendations to our
 Board concerning candidates for election as directors and other
 corporate governance related matters. The members of our
 Nominating and Governance Committee are Mr. Mussell,
 Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with Mr. Warren
 serving as chairman of the committee. The Board has determined
 that all of the members of the Nominating and Governance
 Committee are independent directors as defined under applicable
 NASDAQ listing standards. The Nominating and Governance
 committee met once during the 2010 fiscal year. The Nominating
 and Governance Committee is governed by a charter adopted by the
 Board. The charter is available upon written request to the
 Company at Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street, 17th
 Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, attention: Investor
 Relations. Consideration
 of Director Nominees Director Qualifications. The goal of the
 Nominating and Governance Committee is to ensure that the
 members of our Board have a variety of perspectives and skills
 derived from high-quality business and professional experience.
 The Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to achieve a
 balance of knowledge, experience and capability on our Board. To
 this end, the committee seeks nominees with high professional
 and personal integrity, an understanding of our business lines
 and industry, diversity of background and perspective,
 broad-based business acumen and the ability to think
 strategically. In addition, the committee considers the level of
 the candidate’s commitment to active participation as a
 director, both at Board and committee meetings and otherwise.
 Although the committee uses these and other criteria to evaluate
 potential nominees, we have not established a formal diversity
 policy or any particular minimum criteria for nominees. When
 appropriate, the committee may retain executive recruitment
 firms to assist in identifying suitable candidates. After its
 evaluation of potential nominees, the committee submits nominees
 to the Board for approval. The committee does not use different
 standards to evaluate nominees depending on whether they are
 proposed by our directors and management or by our stockholders. Stockholder Nominees. The Nominating and
 Governance Committee will consider stockholder recommendations
 for director candidates. If a stockholder would like to
 recommend a director candidate for the possible election at the
 next annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must
 deliver the recommendation 9 Table of Contents to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices no
 later than the close of business on the 75th day and no
 earlier than the close of business on the 105th day prior
 to the anniversary date of the mailing of our proxy statement in
 connection with the previous year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders. However, if the next annual meeting of
 stockholders occurs on a date more than 30 days earlier or
 more than 60 days later than the anniversary of the prior
 year’s annual meeting of stockholders, then nominations
 must be received not earlier than close of business on the
 105th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than
 close of business on the later to occur of (i) the
 75th day prior to the annual meeting or (ii) the
 10th day after the date we first publicly announced the
 date of the annual meeting. Recommendations for candidates should be accompanied by the
 information required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws.
 A stockholder recommending a candidate may be asked to submit
 additional information as determined by our Corporate Secretary
 and as necessary to satisfy the rules of the SEC or The NASDAQ
 Stock Market. If a stockholder’s recommendation is received
 within the time period set forth above and the stockholder has
 met the criteria set forth above, the Nominating and Governance
 Committee will evaluate such candidate, along with the other
 candidates being evaluated by the committee, in accordance with
 the committee’s charter and will apply the criteria
 described in this section. Independent
 Directors The Board has determined that each of Mr. Baer,
 Mr. Blechschmidt, Mr. Mussell, Mr. Warren,
 Mr. Silveira and Mr. Zollars is an “independent
 director” under applicable NASDAQ listing standards, a
 “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 (“Exchange Act”), and an “outside director”
 as defined pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal
 Revenue Code of 1986 (“IRC”). Mr. Baer is the
 President of the San Francisco Giants Baseball Club, with
 whom we have a corporate sponsorship arrangement. In connection
 with the sponsorship, we paid the San Francisco Giants
 Baseball Club a fee and receive sampling, signage and other
 brand exposure benefits at AT&T Park during the baseball
 season. The amount of the fee is not material to Diamond Foods
 or the San Francisco Giants Baseball Club, and
 Mr. Baer does not receive any material direct or indirect
 benefit from the fee that would impair his independence.
 Mr. Silveira is the President of Farmland Management
 Services, which provides farming services to clients. One of
 Farmland Management’s clients is John Hancock, an insurance
 company that operates a number of farming assets including
 walnut orchards from which we purchase walnuts.
 Mr. Silveira receives a management fee from John Hancock
 for providing farming services, which is unrelated to the
 purchase price we pay to John Hancock for walnuts. We do not
 believe that Mr. Silveira has a material direct or indirect
 interest in our arrangement with John Hancock that would impair
 his independence. Communication
 with the Board You may contact the Board by sending a letter addressed to the
 Board of Directors, c/o Corporate Secretary, Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street,
 17th Floor, San Francisco, California 94111. An
 employee will forward these letters directly to the Board,
 except for spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product complaints or
 inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or
 advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
 material. We may forward correspondence, such as product-related
 inquiries, elsewhere within Diamond Foods for review and
 possible response. We reserve the right not to forward to the
 Board any abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate
 materials. Director
 Attendance at Meetings Each member of the Board of Directors is expected to be
 available to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of the
 Board and any committees on which the director serves, and our
 annual meeting of stockholders. All directors attended our last
 annual meeting. Each director is expected to make his best
 effort to attend all special Board and applicable committee
 meetings. 10 Table of Contents Oversight
 of Risk Management Our Board has responsibility as a whole and through its
 committees for the oversight of risk management. With the
 oversight of our Board, our officers are responsible for the day-to-day management of the material risks we face. In its oversight role,
 our Board has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk
 management processes designed and implemented by management are
 adequate and functioning as designed. The involvement of the
 Board in setting our business strategy at least annually is a
 key part of its oversight of risk management, its assessment of
 management’s appetite for risk and its determination of
 what constitutes an appropriate level of risk for Diamond Foods.
 The Board regularly receives updates from management and outside
 advisors regarding certain risks we face, including litigation
 and various operating risks. In addition, our Board committees each oversee certain aspects
 of risk management. For example, our Audit Committee is
 responsible for overseeing risk management of financial matters,
 financial reporting, the adequacy of our risk-related internal
 controls, and internal investigations; our Compensation
 Committee oversees risks related to compensation policies and
 practices; and our Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
 oversees governance related risks, such as Board independence
 and conflicts of interest, as well as management and director
 succession planning. Our Board committees report their findings
 to the Board. Senior management attends Board and Board committee meetings at
 the invitation of the Board or its committees and is available
 to address any questions or concerns raised by the Board on risk
 management-related and any other matters. Annually, the Board
 holds strategic planning sessions with senior management to
 discuss strategies, key challenges, and risks and opportunities
 for the company. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH
 NOMINEE. PROPOSAL NO. 2 —
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of our Board has appointed
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending July 31,
 2011, and our stockholders are being asked to ratify the Audit
 Committee’s appointment. Deloitte & Touche LLP
 has served as our independent registered public accounting firm
 since 1998. The Company has been advised by Deloitte &
 Touche LLP that the firm has no relationship with the Company or
 its subsidiaries other than that arising from the firm’s
 engagement as auditors. Representatives of Deloitte &
 Touche LLP are expected to be present at our Annual Meeting,
 will have the opportunity to make a statement at the Annual
 Meeting if they desire to do so, and will be available to
 respond to appropriate questions. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit
 Committee will reconsider whether it should appoint another
 independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
 year ending July 31, 2011. Even if this appointment is
 ratified, the Audit Committee, in its discretion, may direct the
 appointment of a different independent registered public
 accounting firm at any time during the year if the Audit
 Committee determines that such a change would be in our best
 interests as well as the best interests of our stockholders. 11 Table of Contents Audit
 Fees The following table presents information regarding the fees
 estimated and billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP and
 affiliated entities for the 2010 and 2009 fiscal years. Year
Ended July 31,
Nature of Services | 2010 | 2009
(In thousands)
Audit Fees | $ | 1,259 | $ | 976
Audit-related Fees | 190 | —
Tax Fees | — | —
All Other Fees | — | —
Total Fees | $ | 1,449 | $ | 976 Audit Fees. This category includes services
 provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial
 statements, the audit of our internal control over financial
 reporting, the review of our unaudited, quarterly consolidated
 financial statements and review of our periodic and current
 reports filed with the SEC. The category also includes advice on
 accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the
 audit or review of interim financial statements and foreign
 statutory audits required by non-U.S. jurisdictions. Audit-related Fees. In fiscal 2010,
 audit-related fees were incurred in connection with our public
 offering of common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3, which closed in March 2010. Tax Fees. We did not incur any Tax Fees during
 fiscal 2010 or 2009. All Other Fees. We did not incur any other
 fees during fiscal 2010 or fiscal 2009. Audit
 Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our Audit Committee charter provides that the Audit Committee
 will approve the fees and other significant compensation to be
 paid to our independent auditors, and pre-approve all audit
 services and all non-audit services of independent auditors
 permitted under applicable law. The charter also provides that
 the Audit Committee may establish other pre-approval policies
 and procedures for the engagement of independent auditors to
 render services to us, including without limitation policies
 that would allow the delegation of pre-approval authority to one
 or more members of the Audit Committee, provided that any
 pre-approval decision is reported to the Audit Committee at its
 next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee has delegated
 pre-approval authority for up to $25,000 in expenses to the
 chairman of the Audit Committee. The chairman or the Audit
 Committee has approved all audit and audit-related work covered
 by the Audit Fees and Tax Fees. All fees listed above paid to
 our independent auditors during fiscal 2009 and 2010 were for
 work performed by the independent auditors’ full-time,
 permanent employees. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE &
 TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL YEAR ENDING JULY
 31, 2011. REPORT OF
 THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The Audit Committee is comprised of Ed A. Blechschmidt, Joseph
 P. Silveira and Dennis Mussell, all of whom have been determined
 to be independent by the Board under the applicable NASDAQ
 listing requirements and SEC rules. The Board also has
 determined that Mr. Blechschmidt is an Audit Committee
 financial expert as defined by the SEC rules. The committee
 operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of
 Directors. A copy of the Audit Committee’s charter is
 available on Diamond Foods’ website at http://www.diamondfoods.com or to any stockholder upon written request to the Company at
 Investor Relations, Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street,
 17th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111. 12 Table of Contents The primary function of the Audit Committee is to provide advice
 with respect to Diamond Foods’ financial matters and to
 assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities
 regarding (i) the quality and integrity of Diamond
 Foods’ financial statements, (ii) compliance with
 legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the qualifications
 and independence of the independent registered public accounting
 firm serving as Diamond Foods’ auditors and (iv) the
 performance of Diamond Foods’ internal audit function and
 the independent auditors. Management is responsible for Diamond Foods’ internal
 controls and the financial reporting process. The independent
 auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of
 Diamond Foods’ consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and to
 issue a report thereon. The Audit Committee’s
 responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial
 statements of Diamond Foods for the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2010 with management, and management represented
 that the financial statements of Diamond Foods were prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America. Management has also represented
 that they have assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s
 internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31,
 2010 and determined that as of that date, the company has
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
 The Audit Committee discussed with Deloitte & Touche
 LLP, , our independent registered public accounting firm
 (“D&T”), matters required to be discussed by
 Statement on Auditing Standards (“SAS”) No. 61
 (Communication with Audit Committees) as amended by SAS
 No. 91. The Audit Committee has (1) reviewed and discussed the
 audited financial statements with management, (2) discussed
 with D&T the matters required to be discussed by SAS
 No. 61, (3) received the written disclosures and the
 letter from D&T required by applicable requirements of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, and has discussed the
 auditors’ independence with D&T and (4) reviewed
 and discussed with management and D&T management’s
 assertions regarding internal financial controls. Based upon
 these discussions and reviews, the Audit Committee recommended
 to the Board that the audited financial statements be included
 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2010 filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee
 of the Board of Directors. Edward A. Blechschmidt, Chairman Joseph P. Silveira Dennis Mussell 13 Table of Contents STOCK
 OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table presents information regarding the
 beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 17,
 2010 by each of our directors, each of our executive officers,
 all of our directors and executive officers as a group and each
 stockholder known to us owning more than 5% of our common stock.
 The percentage of beneficial ownership for the table is based on
 21,969,022 shares of our common stock outstanding as of
 November 17, 2010. To our knowledge, except under community
 property laws or as otherwise noted, the persons and entities
 named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power
 over their shares of our common stock. The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is
 determined under the rules of the SEC and is not necessarily
 indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these
 rules, beneficial ownership includes those shares over which the
 stockholder has or shares voting or investment control and
 includes those shares that the stockholder has the right to
 acquire within 60 days after November 17, 2010 through
 the exercise of any stock option. The “Percentage of Common
 Stock” column treats as outstanding all shares underlying
 options held by the named stockholder, but not shares underlying
 options held by other stockholders. Number of Shares | % of
Name of Beneficial Owner | of Common Stock | Common Stock
Directors and Officers:
Michael J. Mendes(1) | 783,599 | 3.5 | %
Steven M. Neil(2) | 138,485 | *
Lloyd J. Johnson(3) | 50,500 | *
Andrew Burke(4) | 74,170 | *
Linda B. Segre(5) | 17,023 | *
Stephen E. Kim(6) | 53,186 | *
John J. Gilbert(7)(8) | 140,142 | *
Joseph P. Silveira(8) | 62,372 | *
Robert M. Lea(8) | 86,322 | *
Laurence M. Baer(8) | 58,044 | *
Edward A. Blechschmidt(9) | 27,554 | *
Dennis Mussell(8) | 58,044 | *
Glen C. Warren, Jr.(8) | 68,044 | *
Robert J. Zollars(8)(10) | 59,394 | *
All 14 current directors and executive officers as a group(11) | 1,649,325 | 7.2 | %
Other 5% Stockholders :
FMR LLC(12) | 2,966,980 | 13.5 | %
Blackrock, Inc.(13) | 2,319,851 | 10.6 | % * | Less than one percent.
(1) | Includes 541,621 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options in the next 60 days. Also includes 28,088 shares purchased by Mr. Mendes in the open market.
(2) | Includes 52,500 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(3) | Includes 16,500 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(4) | Includes 30,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(5) | Includes 3,125 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(6) | Includes 17,387 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(7) | Includes 42,833 shares in the name of Gilbert Orchards and 20,076 shares in the name of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. and Gilbert Orchards. Mr. Gilbert has sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert and William H. Gilbert have shared voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by 14 Table of Contents Gilbert Orchards. Also includes 19,189 shares in the name of The John and Sandra Gilbert Trust DTD 3/6/2000 purchased in the open market. Mr. Gilbert is a co-trustee of the trust.
(8) | Includes 50,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(9) | Includes 20,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(10) | Shares indicated above are beneficially owned by Mr. Zollars’ family limited partnership.
(11) | Includes an aggregate of 1,031,133 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options by all directors and executive officers as a group.
(12) | Based on Schedule 13G filed by FMR LLC on April 12, 2010 with the SEC. The address for FMR LLC is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02109. FMR LLC has sole voting and dispositive power over 2,966,980 shares.
(13) | Based on Schedule 13G filed on March 21, 2010 by Blackrock, Inc. The address for Blackrock, Inc. is 40 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10022. Blackrock, Inc. has sole voting and dispositive power over 2,319,851 shares and sole dispositive power over 989,778 shares. SECTION 16(a)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16 of the Exchange Act requires our directors and
 officers, and persons who own shares representing more than 10%
 of our common stock, to file initial reports of ownership and
 reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission regulations
 also require these persons to furnish us with a copy of all
 Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review
 of the copies of the forms furnished to us and written
 representations from our executive officers and directors, we
 believe that all Section 16(a) filing requirements were met
 during the 2010 fiscal year. MANAGEMENT Executive
 Officers Name | Age | Position
Michael J. Mendes | 47 | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Steven M. Neil | 58 | Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President
Lloyd J. Johnson | 48 | Chief Sales Officer, Executive Vice President
Andrew Burke | 44 | Chief Marketing Officer, Executive Vice President
Linda B. Segre | 50 | Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Communications
Stephen E. Kim | 41 | Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Human Resources Michael J. Mendes has served as our Chairman, President
 and Chief Executive Officer since January 2010 and served
 as our President and Chief Executive Officer since 1997.
 Mr. Mendes served as our Vice President of International
 Sales and Marketing prior to being appointed as our Chief
 Executive Officer. He began his career in international
 marketing at the Dole Food Company. Mr. Mendes currently
 serves on the Board of Grocery Manufacturers Association and is
 currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a wine
 company. Mr. Mendes received an M.B.A. from the Anderson
 School of Management at the University of California, Los
 Angeles. Steven M. Neil has served as our Executive Vice
 President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer since
 March 2008. In addition, Mr. Neil has served on our Board
 since July 2005. Prior to joining Diamond Foods,
 Mr. Neil was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer of The Cooper Companies, Inc., a company 15 Table of Contents that manufactures specialty healthcare products, from April 2007
 until March 2008. From January 2005 to April 2007,
 Mr. Neil was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
 The Cooper Companies. From July 2003 to January 2005,
 Mr. Neil served as Executive Vice President,
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Ocular Sciences,
 Inc., a contact lens company. From October 1997 to
 June 2003, Mr. Neil was Executive Vice President,
 Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of
 Sola International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. Mr. Neil
 holds a B.A. from the University of California,
 Santa Barbara, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of
 Management at the University of California, Los Angeles. Lloyd J. Johnson has served as our Executive Vice
 President and Chief Sales Officer since September 2008. From
 July 2005 until August 2008, Mr. Johnson was a Senior Vice
 President for Expedia Inc., an online travel service company,
 during which time he managed various divisions within the
 Partner Services Group. Prior to joining Expedia,
 Mr. Johnson was employed at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food
 company, where he was Vice President, Sales and Customer
 Development, Kraft Canada from January 2005 to June 2005, and
 Customer Vice President, Kroger, from 2001 to 2004. Earlier in
 his career, Mr. Johnson held a variety of sales and sales
 management positions of increasing responsibility at Nabisco
 Biscuit Company and Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery.
 Mr. Johnson holds a B.A. from Eastern Washington University. Andrew Burke has served as our Executive Vice President,
 Chief Marketing Officer since January 2010. From March 2007
 until January 2010, Mr. Burke was our Senior Vice President
 of Marketing, and from June 2006 to March 2007,
 Mr. Burke was our Vice President of Marketing. From 2004
 until June 2006, Mr. Burke served as Vice President,
 Marketing for Economy Wine, Spirits, Sparkling Wine and
 Beverages, at Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery. From 1997
 until 2004, Mr. Burke worked at Kraft Foods, Inc. in a
 variety of capacities, including as a Category Business Director
 from September 2003 to September 2004 and a Senior Brand Manager
 from 2001 until 2003. Prior to Kraft, Mr. Burke worked at
 Young & Rubicam, Inc., as an Account Supervisor and
 Financial Analyst, and Laura Ashley, as a financial and
 inventory analyst. Mr. Burke holds an M.B.A from Fordham
 University and a B.A. from Rutgers University. Linda B. Segre has served as Senior Vice President,
 Corporate Strategy and Communications since August 2009. From
 September 2006 until April 2009, Ms. Segre was a Managing
 Director at Google.org, the corporate philanthropy organization
 of Google Inc., where she oversaw the climate change and global
 development initiatives and managed all operational aspects of
 the organization. From 1995 until September 2006, Ms. Segre
 was Vice President, Officer and Director at The Boston
 Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm, and
 served as the Managing Director of the San Francisco office
 from 2001 until September 2005. She first joined The Boston
 Consulting Group in 1987 and worked in a number of roles with
 increasing responsibilities until she became a Vice President in
 1995. During her tenure at Boston Consulting Group, she focused
 on serving clients in the consumer goods and financial services
 sectors. From 1981 until 1985, Ms. Segre was a touring golf
 professional in the United States, Europe and Asia.
 Ms. Segre holds a B.A. from Stanford University and an
 M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Stephen E. Kim has served as our Senior Vice President,
 General Counsel and Human Resources since January 2010. From
 January 2008 until January 2010, Mr. Kim was Vice
 President, General Counsel, and Human Resources, and from May
 2005 to January 2008, he served as Vice President, General
 Counsel. Previously, Mr. Kim served as General Counsel for
 Oblix, Inc., a software company in Cupertino, California, from
 2000 to March 2005. Before joining Oblix, Inc., Mr. Kim was
 an attorney with Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati, a law
 firm located in Palo Alto, California, from 1996 to 1999 and
 Weil Gotshal & Manages, a law firm located in New
 York, New York, from 1994 to 1996. Mr. Kim holds a B.A.
 from Johns Hopkins University and a J.D. from New York
 University School of Law. COMPENSATION
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In this section we provide an explanation and analysis of the
 material elements of the compensation arrangements for our Chief
 Executive Officer and the other executive officers named in the
 Summary Compensation Table on page 25 (referred to as our
 “named executive officers”) in the 2010 fiscal year.
 The purpose of this discussion is to provide the context for the
 presentation of the specific compensation paid to our named
 executive officers, as shown in the tables and narrative
 disclosure that follow. 16 Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods’s Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The objective of our executive compensation program is to
 attract, retain and motivate executives of exceptional ability
 who will provide strong leadership for Diamond Foods and
 increase stockholder value. To that end, our executive
 compensation is designed to be competitive within our industry,
 taking into account performance and scope of responsibility, and
 to have a significant portion of each named executive
 officer’s total compensation “at-risk” through
 both near- and long-term incentive compensation arrangements. We
 design these incentives to reward accomplishment of individual
 goals, accomplishment of corporate strategic objectives and
 increases in stockholder value. Our philosophy is to analyze
 base salaries in the context of the median of the peer set
 benchmarks, with consideration given to each individual’s
 skill set relative to their peers in other companies,
 performance, tenure and importance to the organization, and to
 target equity awards at the 75% percentile of the peer group in
 recognition of our size versus companies with whom we compete
 for executive talent and to incent our executives to achieve the
 aggressive growth targets we set for the Company. Executive
 Compensation Processes Role of the Compensation Committee. The
 Compensation Committee (hereinafter referred to as the
 “Committee” in this “Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis” section) of our Board makes all decisions
 regarding compensation for our named executive officers other
 than our Chief Executive Officer. With respect to the Chief
 Executive Officer, the Committee makes its compensation
 recommendations to the Board (other than Mr. Mendes and
 Mr. Neil) for approval. Information regarding the Committee
 and its role is provided on page 8 under the heading “Corporate Governance Matters — Compensation
 Committee.” Benchmark Survey Data. At the end of fiscal
 2009, Radford served as a third-party compensation consultant to
 prepare for evaluation of executive compensation for fiscal
 2010. Radford reviewed market data for base salaries, actual
 total cash compensation, annualized value of long-term incentive
 awards, and actual total direct compensation for positions
 comparable to those held by our named executive officers. In
 making its fiscal 2010 executive compensation determinations,
 the Committee relied on data collected by Radford, which
 developed benchmarks for compensation of the principal executive
 officer and the principal financial officer of a peer group of
 11 public companies, based on their public proxy statement
 disclosures. The peer group consisted of the same companies we
 have used since prior to our 2005 initial public offering, as
 developed by Radford in consultation with our Board of Directors
 and management. Because most of the peer group companies are
 larger than we are, Radford adjusted the peer group compensation
 data using a regression formula it developed based on revenue
 and base salaries. Radford also developed benchmarks for
 executive officer compensation by analyzing the results of three
 third-party reports on executive compensation paid by entities
 in the non-durable goods manufacturing and food industries with
 revenues similar to ours. The reports were “Executive
 Compensation Survey, 2008” (William M. Mercer), “Top
 Management Compensation, Regression Analysis Report,
 2008/2009” (Watson Wyatt Data Services) and “CDB
 Executive Compensation Database, 2007 Single Regression
 Report” (Towers Perrin). The Committee used the peer group
 data to assist in making compensation decisions for our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, since those were
 the positions that were most easily matched in the peer group.
 The Committee used the third party survey data to assist in
 making compensation decisions for the other named executive
 officers. The peer group consisted of the following companies: • | Kraft Foods, Inc.
• | Campbell Soup Co.
• | Hershey Foods Corp.
• | McCormick & Co., Inc.
• | The J. M. Smucker Company
• | Lance, Inc. 17 Table of Contents • | Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
• | J&J Snack Foods Corp.
• | Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
• | Weider Nutrition International, Inc.
• | SunOpta, Inc. Radford recommended that compensation levels within 20% above or
 below the median, in the case of cash compensation, and 35%
 above or below the median, in the case of equity compensation,
 were within competitive norms for senior management level
 positions. Radford was not instructed to provide recommendations
 about the form of executive compensation, but was informed about
 the elements of executive compensation we use and instructed to
 recommend appropriate ranges for each of those compensation
 elements. At the end of fiscal 2010, the Compensation Committee
 decided to make a change in compensation consultants to provide
 a fresh perspective on compensation practices, since Radford had
 advised on compensation matters for over five years.
 Accordingly, the Compensation Committee retained Mercer to serve
 as a third-party compensation consultant to assist in evaluating
 executive compensation programs and amounts of executive and
 director compensation starting with fiscal 2011. The Chief Executive Officer Makes
 Recommendations. At the beginning of the fiscal
 year our Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with each
 individual named executive officer, develops individual goal
 achievement plans that become objectives to determine their
 annual bonuses. After completion of the fiscal year, the Chief
 Executive Officer reviews the executive officer’s
 performance relative to those individual goals and makes
 recommendations to the Committee about the officer’s
 achievement relative to his or her goals. The Chief Executive
 Officer also makes specific recommendations to the Committee
 about appropriate base salary, bonus and equity awards for each
 named executive officer. Components
 of Executive Compensation The material elements of compensation for our named executive
 officers are salaries, bonuses and equity incentives. Named
 executive officers also receive perquisites and participate in
 other programs. Base Salary. Base salary is one of the
 compensation elements that enable us to attract and retain
 executive talent by establishing a minimum compensation level
 for executives. In addition, salary increases enable us to
 reward superior individual performance, organizational
 advancement and increasing levels of responsibility. The
 Committee reviews the results of the compensation study
 performed by the compensation consultant, as described above
 under “ — Benchmark Survey Data,” and
 at the end of fiscal 2009, evaluated Radford’s recommended
 range of base salaries as a starting point for fiscal 2010
 salaries. The final determination of base salaries for our named
 executive officers is based on the Committee’s subjective
 determination, taking into consideration the Chief Executive
 Officer’s recommendations (for named executive officers
 other than himself), salary adjustments in prior years, the
 individual executive officer’s role in the organization,
 his or her performance during the prior fiscal year, and the
 individual’s skill set relative to peers in the industry. Annual Bonus Incentives. Bonus is another
 compensation element that enables us to attract and retain
 executive talent and to motivate our executive team to pursue
 strategic objectives by creating opportunities for significant
 additional compensation on an annual basis. Bonuses also create
 opportunities to provide general incentives for our named
 executive officers as a group and specific incentives for
 particular executives. We pay bonuses to our named executive
 officers under our Annual Bonus Program, which the Committee
 administers. Annual bonuses are intended to promote the
 achievement of our annual corporate financial goals and other
 corporate initiatives. Under our Annual Bonus Program, the target bonuses for each of
 our named executive officers in the 2010 fiscal year were based
 on level in the organization, as follows: President &
 CEO — 100% of base salary; Chief Sales Officer, Chief
 Financial and Administrative Officer and Chief Marketing
 Officer — 70% of base salary; Senior Vice President,
 General Counsel and Human Resources — 50% of base
 salary and Senior Vice 18 Table of Contents President Corporate Strategy — 50% of base salary. For
 exceptional performance, a named executive officer may earn up
 to two times the target bonus. For the 2010 fiscal year, the
 bonus potential for named executive officers were allocated
 between an objective financial metric, representing 60% of bonus
 potential, and individual objectives, representing 40% of the
 bonus potential. The Committee and Board believed that earnings
 growth was the most important facet of Company performance
 during the 2010 fiscal year, and accordingly, it tied a
 significant proportion of bonus potential to our earnings
 performance. With respect to bonuses tied to individual objectives, our Board
 reviews and approves an annual plan outlining our business
 objectives and key initiatives for the upcoming fiscal year.
 Each named executive officer other than the Chief Executive
 Officer develops a detailed plan consisting of individual goals,
 the achievement of which supports the annual plan. Each of the
 major categories of business goals and objectives contained in
 our corporate annual plan is supported by one or more of these
 individual goal achievement plans. Our Chief Executive Officer
 reviews and approves the individual goal achievement plans. At
 the end of the fiscal year, the Chief Executive Officer assesses
 the performance of his direct reports and assigns a bonus rating
 to each individual. For exceptional results, a named executive
 officer may earn up to two times the target bonus. The
 Compensation Committee reviews the Chief Executive
 Officer’s recommendations and approves bonus payments to
 these officers based on this rating. The Committee also recommends the Chief Executive Officer bonus
 compensation to the Board based on the Committee’s
 assessment of our achievement of goals and initiatives for the
 year. The 2010 fiscal year annual plan against which our Chief
 Executive Officer’s performance was measured consisted of
 business goals and corporate objectives that were approved by
 our Board at the beginning of the 2010 fiscal year. The goals
 and objectives fall into the following main categories:
 successful completion of Kettle Foods acquisition and related
 debt and equity financings, completion of the first phase of
 Kettle Foods integration, retail growth and distribution gains,
 development and execution of consumer campaigns and marketing
 promotions, margin improvements and cost-efficiency initiatives,
 organizational development and recruiting, and development of
 systems and infrastructure to support growth. Equity Incentives. The Committee believes that
 equity awards are a key component of its executive compensation
 program, because they help us attract and retain executive
 talent by creating opportunities for extra compensation and
 promoting a long-term view. Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan
 enables us to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights,
 restricted stock, and other equity awards. The Committee
 believes that these equity-based incentives serve the following
 purposes: • | align the interests of our executives with those of other stockholders by making a portion of the executive’s compensation or net worth dependent upon the performance of our common stock;
• | create general corporate performance incentives for executives through their interest in stock options, which only have value if our stock price increases;
• | compete with executive compensation at other companies by augmenting the value of the total compensation package offered to executives without using cash; and
• | retain executives through vesting of equity awards. The Committee makes equity awards to executive officers
 annually, and the Committee and Board retain discretion to make
 additional equity awards, for recruiting, retention or other
 purposes. The Chief Executive Officer presents his equity award
 recommendations for the named executive officers other than
 himself to the Committee. The recommendations take into account
 a range of targeted grants suggested by the compensation
 consultant, with the specific grant size recommendation based on
 the individual’s contributions during the prior fiscal
 year, importance to the organization and scope of
 responsibility. The Committee considers the Chief Executive
 Officer recommendations and has discretion to determine whether
 or not to make any equity grant and the size of any grant. The
 Committee takes into account the grant recommendations from the
 compensation consultant in the context of the total value of the
 other elements of the compensation package for named executive
 officers when making its determinations. The Committee makes
 recommendations to the full Board as to any equity grant for the
 Chief Executive Officer, with reference to benchmark data and
 based on 19 Table of Contents company and individual performance. The Board has the discretion
 to determine whether to make any equity grant to the Chief
 Executive Officer and if so, the size of such grant. The Committee makes annual grants either at in-person meetings
 or by unanimous written consent, with the stock option exercise
 price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date
 of the meeting or the date on which all of the written consents
 were signed. From time to time, the Committee has acted by
 unanimous written consent to approve new hire option grants for
 newly-hired officers, in which case the Committee’s
 practice has been to set the stock option exercise price equal
 to the closing price of our common stock on the date all written
 consents have been signed. In connection with our annual equity incentive grants, in fiscal
 2010, named executive officers were able to participate in a
 cash/stock election program, which allows the individual to
 forego a portion of an equity grant that such individual
 otherwise would have been entitled, and instead receive a cash
 payment. The election must be made in advance of the grant of
 the annual equity award, and the named executive officer is not
 guaranteed that such a grant will be made. If the named
 executive officer elects to waive a portion of the grant, the
 cash to be paid is equal to the number of shares waived
 multiplied by the closing price of our common stock on the date
 of grant of the unwaived portion of the equity award, minus a 5%
 discount. The cash payment is paid in two equal installments.
 The first installment is payable on the two-month anniversary of
 the date of grant of the unwaived portion of the equity award
 and the second installment is payable ten months thereafter.
 Payment of the cash amount is subject to continued employment.
 The Committee believed that the 5% discount applied to the cash
 value of the waived shares is appropriate in light of the
 liquidity that the program offers to the individuals, which will
 have the effect of lowering the total compensation expense to
 Diamond Foods versus the full equity grant. The Committee
 decided to terminate the program starting with fiscal 2011. Restricted stock is subject to time-based vesting, during which
 time the executive officer is the beneficial owner of the
 restricted shares and possess all voting and dividend rights.
 Dividends are payable at the same rate as is paid on the
 Company’s common shares generally. During the 2010 fiscal
 year, we paid quarterly dividends at a rate of $0.045 per share. Stock Ownership Guidelines. In July 2008, the
 Board approved stock ownership guidelines for Board members and
 executive officers, to more closely align their interests with
 those of our stockholders. Under the guidelines, our Chairman of
 the Board is required to hold at least 75,000 shares of our
 common stock and all other Board members are required to hold at
 least 15,000 shares. Each executive officer is expected to
 own a number of shares equal in value to the following multiples
 of his or her base salary: Chief Executive Officer —
 500%; Executive Vice President — 200%; Senior Vice
 President — 150% ; and Vice President —
 150%. Shares that count toward satisfaction of these stock
 ownership guidelines include: shares beneficially owned by the
 executive or director, or by any of his or her immediate family
 members residing in the same household, regardless of how such
 shares were acquired; shares beneficially owned through any
 business entity controlled by such individual; shares held in
 trust for the benefit of the executive or director or his or her
 family; vested and unvested shares of restricted stock granted
 under our equity incentive plans; and one-third of all shares
 subject to stock options granted to the executive or director
 under our equity incentive plans. Executive officers and Board
 members are expected to comply with these guidelines by the
 later of July 31, 2011 or three years after being appointed
 an executive officer or being appointed or elected a member of
 the Board. Severance and Change of Control Benefits. Each
 of our named executive officers is covered by an arrangement
 under which the executive officer will receive payments in the
 event employment is terminated after a change of control of
 Diamond Foods. Payments vary from one to three times salary,
 based on position and tenure in the company. In addition, if we
 terminate our Chief Executive Officer without cause, he is
 entitled to continuation of his salary and health, dental and
 vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months, as well as
 outplacement services. Finally, under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan, all outstanding equity awards will vest upon a change of
 control of Diamond Foods if not assumed by the acquirer. We
 believe that these benefits are competitive in the industry and
 assist in recruiting and retaining executive officers. For more 20 Table of Contents information, please refer to “Potential Payments upon
 Employment Termination and Change of Control Events,” which begins on page 31. Retirement Plans. The executive officers
 participate in the same 401(k) plan on the same terms provided
 to all administrative employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, we
 make a contribution of 3% of base salary into 401(k) accounts,
 up to a maximum of $7,350 per year. In addition, the Chief
 Executive Officer participates in Diamond Foods Retirement
 Restoration Plan, a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan
 that provides supplemental benefits upon retirement. This
 retirement program, which was first implemented in 1989, was
 established to incent and retain senior executives by rewarding
 long-term contributions by providing income security upon
 retirement. We do not consider the 401(k) plan an important
 element of our executive compensation arrangements. For more
 information regarding the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration
 Plan, please see “Pension Benefits” on
 page 29. Perquisites. We provide executive officers
 with perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are
 consistent with our overall compensation program, in order to
 enable us to attract and retain executives. The Committee
 periodically reviews the types of perquisites and other personal
 benefits provided to executive officers, and does not consider
 perquisites an important element of our executive compensation
 arrangements. Historically, the Company provided tax gross up
 reimbursements for certain discrete items, such as relocation
 expense and financial planning services. Commencing with
 calendar 2011, the Committee has decided to terminate these
 traditional tax gross up benefits. Analysis of Risk. In establishing and
 reviewing our executive compensation practices, the Committee
 considers whether the program encourages unnecessary or
 excessive risk taking and has concluded that it does not. The
 executive compensation program is intended to reflect a balanced
 approach to compensation and to use both quantitative and
 qualitative assessments of performance without putting an undue
 emphasis on a single performance measure. Base salaries are
 fixed in amount and thus do not encourage risk taking. While our
 annual bonus plan focuses on achievement of annual goals, and
 short-term goals may encourage the taking of short-term risks at
 the expense of long-term results, 60% of annual bonus for named
 executive officers is based on objective measures, as determined
 by the Board, and 40% is based on individual performance
 criteria that support corporate strategic initiatives. The
 Committee believes that the annual bonus plan appropriately
 balances risk and the desire to focus executives on specific
 annual goals important to our success, and that it does not
 encourage unnecessary or excessive risk taking. The majority of compensation provided to our named executive
 officers is in the form of equity awards that further align
 executives’ interests with those of stockholders. The
 Committee believes that these awards do not encourage
 unnecessary or excessive risk taking since the ultimate value of
 the awards is tied to our stock price. Since grants are subject
 to long-term vesting schedules, the grants help ensure that
 executives have significant value tied to long-term stock price
 performance. Our current practice is to grant executives a
 mixture of stock options, which only have value if the stock
 price increases after the option is granted, and restricted
 stock, which provides a significant retention tool in keeping
 executive-level talent. On an annual basis, the Committee has
 discretion to determine whether to grant, in the case of the
 executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer, or
 recommend to the Board, in the case of the Chief Executive
 Officer, whether to use a mix of different forms of equity
 grants or to use a single type of equity award, depending on the
 recommendation of the compensation consultant and the
 Committee’s determination of the optimal method to incent
 and retain the named executive officers. Compensation
 Decisions for the 2010 Fiscal Year The Compensation Committee’s specific compensation
 decisions for each of our named executive officers’ 2010
 fiscal year executive compensation are described in the
 following paragraphs. Base
 Salary and Stock Awards Mr. Mendes Base Salary: In June 2009, the Committee
 recommended, and the Board approved, a 6% increase in base
 salary for Mr. Mendes from $610,000 to $646,600, effective
 in mid-August 2009. Prior to the adjustment, 21 Table of Contents Mr. Mendes’ salary was 14% below the median of the
 benchmark data for our peer group companies (after adjusting for
 size), and the increase better aligned his salary with the
 median competitive range and recognized his individual
 performance during the 2009 fiscal year. Stock Awards: In the 2010 fiscal year, the
 Committee recommended, and the Board approved, a restricted
 stock grant of 37,500 shares to Mr. Mendes as a result
 of our strong performance during the prior fiscal year and
 Mr. Mendes’ leadership in accomplishing those results. Mr. Neil Base Salary: In June 2009, the Committee
 approved a 3% increase in base salary from $416,000 to $428,480,
 effective in mid-August 2009. The 3% increase was the median
 merit increase for executives indicated by survey data, as
 recommended by the compensation consultant. Stock Awards: In the 2010 fiscal year, the
 Committee approved a restricted stock grant of
 15,000 shares to Mr. Neil as a result of our strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and
 Mr. Neil’s individual contributions in achieving such
 results. Mr. Johnson Base Salary: In June 2009, the Committee
 approved a 3% increase in base salary from $390,000 to $401,700.
 The 3% increase was the merit increase for executives indicated
 by survey data, as recommended by the prior compensation
 consultant engaged at the time the increase was approved. Stock Awards: In the 2010 fiscal year, the
 Committee approved a restricted stock grant of
 15,000 shares to Mr. Johnson as a result of our strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and
 Mr. Johnson’s individual contributions in achieving
 such results. Mr. Burke Base Salary: In June 2009, the Committee
 approved a 3% increase in base salary from $256,400 to $264,092,
 effective in mid-August 2009. The 3% increase was the median
 merit increase for executives indicated by survey data, as
 recommended by the compensation consultant. In January 2010,
 Mr. Burke was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief
 Marketing Officer in recognition of his additional
 responsibilities in managing pricing and his importance to the
 organization. As a result of his promotion, the Committee
 approved an 8% increase in Mr. Burke’s salary to
 $285,000. Stock Awards: In the 2010 fiscal year, the
 Committee approved a restricted stock grant of 5,500 shares
 to Mr. Burke as a result of our strong performance during
 the prior fiscal year and his individual contributions in
 achieving such results. Mr. Kim Base Salary: In June 2009, the Committee
 approved an increase in base salary from $220,000 to $250,000
 effective in mid-August 2009. Prior to the adjustment,
 Mr. Kim’s salary was below the size-adjusted median of
 the benchmark data described in “ Compensation Discussion
 and Analysis — Executive Compensation
 Process — Benchmark Survey Data ,” and the
 increase better aligned his salary with the median. In January
 2010, Mr. Kim was promoted to Senior Vice President,
 General Counsel and Human Resources in recognition of his
 additional responsibilities in managing the Human Resource
 function and contributions to the organization. As a result of
 his promotion, the Committee approved an 8% increase in
 Mr. Kim’s salary to $270,000. Stock Awards: In the 2010 fiscal year, the
 Committee approved a restricted stock grant of 5,000 shares
 to Mr. Kim as a result of our strong performance during the
 prior fiscal year and his individual contributions in achieving
 such results. Ms. Segre Base Salary: In August 2009, the Committee
 approved Ms. Segre’s starting base salary of $250,000
 offered in connection with her joining Diamond Foods. The salary
 was established based on her position within the Company,
 internal pay equity and her prior compensation history. The
 Committee believed the 22 Table of Contents starting salary amount was consistent with the compensation for
 individuals with similar responsibilities and experience for the
 role. Stock Awards: In connection with
 Ms. Segre joining Diamond Foods in August 2009, the
 Committee approved a new hire grant of 10,000 shares of
 restricted stock and an option to purchase 10,000 shares of
 common stock. The Committee believed the new hire grant amounts
 were necessary to recruit and retain Ms. Segre. Annual
 Bonus Program Bonus
 tied to financial metric For the 2010 fiscal year, the financial metric target for the
 objective portion of our Annual Bonus Program was $1.80 earnings
 per share. In March 2010, we acquired Kettle Foods, and we
 issued 5.175 million shares of our common stock in an
 underwritten public offering to fund a portion of the
 acquisition consideration. Under applicable accounting rules,
 earnings per share for the full 2010 fiscal year would be based
 on an average share count for the year, even though the share
 issuance occurred seven months into the year, which had the
 accounting result of diluting earnings per share for the periods
 preceding the equity offering. Therefore, the Compensation
 Committee decided to use the sum of the non-GAAP earnings per
 share reported by the Company for each quarter, which reflected
 the shares outstanding for each period in which the respective
 earnings were generated. Accordingly, Diamond Foods achieved
 $2.00 earnings per share for bonus purposes, resulting in
 maximum performance under the bonus program. As a result, the
 named executive officers received the following bonus amounts: Named Executive Officer | Target Bonus Amount | Actual Bonus Amount
Michael J. Mendes | $435,000 (60% of base salary) | $870,000
Steven M. Neil | $188,748 (42% of base salary) | $377,496
Lloyd J. Johnson | $173,922 (42% of base salary) | $347,844
Andrew Burke | $123,312 (42% of base salary) | $246,624
Stephen E. Kim | $83,430 (30% of base salary) | $166,860
Linda B. Segre | $78,000 (30% of base salary) | $156,000 Bonus
 tied to individual objectives Mr. Mendes received 200% of the target amount attributable
 to accomplishment of his 2010 fiscal year objectives, resulting
 in a bonus payment of $580,000. The Board considered the
 following performance in determining the individual goal
 performance element of Mr. Mendes’ non-equity
 incentive plan award: Individual Objective | Assessment
Snack growth | Achieved 70% snack growth and record Emerald and Pop Secret market share.
Net income growth | Increased net income by 53% and achieved double digit EPS growth despite a 31% increase in shares outstanding.
Kettle Acquisition | Acquired Kettle Foods, doubling Diamond Foods’s enterprise value, and drove debt and equity financing on a rapid timetable. Stock price achieved record highs upon completion of equity offering. Completed first phase of Kettle Foods acquisition and combined sales organizations and marketing organizations to provide unified go-to-market front for customers.
Shareholder Value | Outperformed Dow Jones Food Index by 400%. Mr. Neil received 200% of the target amount attributable to
 accomplishment of individual objectives for the 2010 fiscal
 year, resulting in a bonus payment of $251,664. The Committee
 considered Mr. Neil’s performance in successfully
 closing the Kettle Foods acquisition, including the related
 equity offering and debt financing transactions, managing the
 integration process, executing operational and cost-efficiency
 initiatives, driving infrastructure improvements in investor
 relations, accounting and information technology functions, and
 driving new product introductions and improvements in the Pop
 Secret operations. 23 Table of Contents Mr. Johnson received 190% of the target amount attributable
 to accomplishment of individual objectives for the 2010 fiscal
 year, resulting in a bonus payment of $220,301. The Committee
 considered Mr. Johnson’s performance in achieving net
 sales targets and record market share, driving distribution of
 core products, executing promotional strategies, implementing a
 new sales organizational design, and integrating backroom sales
 functions into the national broker. Mr. Burke received 178% of the target amount attributable
 to accomplishment of individual objectives for the 2010 fiscal
 year, resulting in a bonus payment of $146,330. The Committee
 considered Mr. Burke’s performance in achieving net
 sales targets, record market share and distribution gains,
 development of new product and brand-building initiatives, and
 integrating the Diamond Foods and Kettle Foods marketing
 operations. Mr. Kim received 190% of the target amount attributable to
 accomplishment of individual objectives for the 2010 fiscal
 year, resulting in a bonus payment of $105,678. The Committee
 considered Mr. Kim’s performance in managing
 litigation matters, driving development of Diamond Foods’
 patent portfolio, execution of the Kettle Foods acquisition and
 equity offering, negotiation and completion of a new collective
 bargaining agreement with the union representing Diamond
 Foods’ Stockton, California facility, and analyzing and
 developing compensation systems to incent performance and
 development of Diamond Foods’ intellectual property
 portfolio. Ms. Segre received 161% of the target amount attributable
 to accomplishment of individual objectives for the 2010 fiscal
 year, resulting in a bonus payment of $91,000. The Committee
 considered Ms. Segre’s contributions in the Kettle
 Foods acquisition and equity offering, accomplishments in
 increasing analyst coverage and building the investor relations
 infrastructure and driving Diamond Foods’ corporate
 communications function. 24 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed the
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on
 such review and discussions, the Compensation Committee
 recommended to the Board that the Compensation Discussion and
 Analysis be included in Diamond Foods’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2010. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert J. Zollars, Chairman Laurence M. Baer Glen C. Warren Summary
 of Executive Compensation The following table presents information about the compensation
 for the 2010 fiscal year awarded to, earned by or paid to our
 named executive officers serving in that capacity as of
 July 31, 2010. We also provide benefits to our executive
 officers that are generally available to all of our employees. Summary
 Compensation Table Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Name and Principal | Fiscal | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Position | Year | ($) | ($) | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)(3) | ($)(4) | ($) | ($)
Michael J. Mendes | 2010 | 645,192 | 914,007 | (5) | 1,043,587 | — | 1,450,000 | 146,135 | 143,989 | (6) | 4,342,910
Chairman, President | 2009 | 607,329 | 836,570 | 880,565 | — | 1,280,268 | 23,116 | 225,606 | 3,853,454
and Chief Executive Officer | 2008 | 537,342 | — | 1,398,320 | — | 610,000 | 8,971 | 358,069 | 2,912,702
Steven M. Neil | 2010 | 428,000 | 258,044 | (5) | 417,435 | — | 629,160 | — | 62,589 | (7) | 1,795,228
Executive Vice | 2009 | 415,385 | 119,510 | 125,795 | — | 593,874 | — | 64,442 | 1,319,005
President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer | 2008 | 161,539 | 25,000 | 822,105 | 264,380 | 121,333 | — | 12,101 | 1,406,457
Lloyd J. Johnson | 2010 | 401,250 | 198,289 | (5) | 417,435 | — | 568,145 | — | 94,546 | (8) | 1,679,665
Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer | 2009 | 352,500 | 50,000 | 924,957 | 358,482 | 553,944 | — | 52,532 | 2,292,415
Andrew Burke | 2010 | 269,493 | 132,461 | (5) | 153,059 | — | 329,954 | — | 27,627 | (9) | 975,594
Executive Vice | 2009 | 256,019 | 119,510 | 125,795 | — | 259,867 | — | 21,206 | 782,397
President, Chief Marketing Officer | 2008 | 245,192 | — | 262,185 | — | 116,181 | — | 21,306 | 644,594
Stephen E. Kim | 2010 | 259,231 | 99,559 | (5) | 139,145 | — | 272,538 | — | 33,233 | (10) | 803,706
Senior Vice President, | 2009 | 219,139 | 66,926 | 105,668 | — | 220,725 | — | 30,747 | 643,205
General Counsel and Human Resources | 2008 | 196,431 | — | 174,790 | — | 91,575 | — | 29,724 | 492,520
Linda B. Segre | 2010 | 235,577 | — | 329,990 | 151,868 | 247,000 | — | 14,276 | (11) | 978,711
Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy (1) | Represents the fair value of equity grant on the date of grant, even though the grant is subject to vesting, and excludes the impact of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. The fair value of these grants is determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Amounts are based on our ASC Topic 718 assumptions described in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, without regard to forfeitures. 25 Table of Contents (2) | Represents the fair value of equity grant on the date of grant, even though the grant is subject to vesting, and excludes the impact of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. The fair value of these grants is determined in accordance with ASC Topic 718. Amounts are based on our ASC Topic 718 assumptions described in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, without regard to forfeitures.
(3) | Reflects amounts earned on annual non-equity incentive plan awards.
(4) | Represents the increase in present value of accumulated benefits accrued under the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan, in which the Chief Executive Officer participates.
(5) | Except as otherwise indicated, amounts in this column represent payments under our cash/stock election program. The cash/stock election program was discontinued in the 2010 fiscal year.
(6) | Includes $21,822 in tax gross up payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care cost reimbursements, 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, health club membership, office parking, financial planning services, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments.
(7) | Includes $1,268 in tax gross up payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care cost reimbursements, 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, health club membership, office parking, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments.
(8) | Includes $30,713 in tax gross up amounts. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care cost reimbursements, 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, temporary housing costs, health club membership, office parking, financial planning services, car allowance payments, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments.
(9) | Includes $1,673 in tax gross up amounts. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care cost reimbursements, 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, health club membership, office parking, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments.
(10) | Includes $1,866 in tax gross up payments. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care cost reimbursements, 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, health club membership, office parking, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments.
(11) | The remaining amounts are comprised of 401(k) contributions, dividends on restricted stock awards, and life insurance and health insurance premium payments. 26 Table of Contents 2010
 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS All Other | All Other
Stock | Option | Grant
Awards: | Awards: | Exercise | Date Fair
Estimated Future Payouts Under | Estimated Future Payouts Under | Number | Number of | or Base | Value of
Non-Equity Incentive Plan | Equity Incentive Plan | of Shares | Securities | Price of | Stock and
Awards(1) | Awards | of Stock | Underlying | Option | Option
Grant | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | Awards | Awards
Name | Date | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | ($/Sh) | ($)
Michael J. Mendes | 9/22/09 | 0 | 725,000 | 1,450,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/07/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 37,500 | — | — | 1,043,587 | (2)
Steven M. Neil | N/A | 0 | 314,580 | 629,160 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/07/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | 417,435 | (2)
Lloyd J. Johnson | 9/22/09 | 0 | 289,870 | 579,740 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/07/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | 417,435 | (2)
Andrew Burke | 9/22/09 | 0 | 205,520 | 411,040 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/07/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 5,500 | — | — | 153,060 | (2)
Stephen E. Kim | 9/22/09 | 0 | 139,050 | 278,100 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/07/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | — | — | 139,145 | (2)
Linda B. Segre | 9/22/09 | 0 | 130,000 | 260,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
10/01/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | — | — | 329,990 | (3)
10/01/09 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | 33.00 | 151,868 | (3) (1) | Reflects potential payouts of amounts that could have been earned with respect to the 2010 fiscal year threshold, target and maximum levels under the Diamond Foods Annual Bonus Program. Under the Annual Bonus Program, named executive officers could receive no payment if performance objectives are not met. Accordingly, the “Threshold” amounts are $0.
(2) | This award of restricted stock was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vests as to one-fourth of the shares on each anniversary of grant. Amounts shown represent the grant date fair value under ASC Topic 718 of the restricted stock grants without giving effect to any forfeiture rate.
(3) | Ms. Segre joined Diamond Foods in August 2009, in connection with which she received a new hire grant of 10,000 shares of restricted stock and an option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock, each of which was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vests as to one-fourth of the shares on the first four grant date anniversaries. Amounts shown represent the grant date fair value under ASC Topic 718 of the restricted stock grants without giving effect to any forfeiture rate. The option vests as to one-fourth of the subject shares on the first anniversary of the grant date and quarterly thereafter over the following 12 quarters. The options have a maximum term of ten years subject to earlier termination upon cessation of service to Diamond Foods. Amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value under ASC Topic 718 of the stock options without giving effect to any forfeiture rate. 27 Table of Contents 2010
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards | Stock Awards
Equity | Equity
Equity | Incentive | Incentive
Incentive | Market | Plan Awards: | Plan Awards:
Plan Awards: | Value of | Number of | Market or
Number of | Number of | Number of | Shares or | Unearned | Payout Value
Securities | Number of | Securities | Shares or | Units of | Shares, Units | of Unearned
Underlying | Securities | Underlying | Units of | Stock | or Other | Shares, Units or
Unexercised | Underlying | Unexercised | Option | Stock that | that | Rights that | Other Rights
Options (#) | Unexercised | Unearned | Exercise | Option | have Not | have Not | have Not | that have
Exercisable | Options (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Vested | Not Vested
Name | (1) | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) | Date | (#)(2) | ($)(3) | (#) | ($)
Michael J. Mendes | 253,333 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 40,000 | (4) | 1,781,600 | — | —
213,750 | (5) | 11,250 | (5) | — | 17.07 | 10/25/15 | 35,000 | (6) | 1,558,900 | — | —
63,288 | — | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 37,500 | (7) | 1,670,250 | — | —
Steven M. Neil | 10,000 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 33,750 | (8) | 1,503,225 | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 15.01 | 7/20/16 | 5,000 | (6) | 222,700 | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 17.03 | 7/20/17 | 15,000 | (7) | 668,100 | — | —
22,500 | (9) | 22,500 | (9) | — | 18.27 | 3/25/18 | — | — | — | —
Lloyd J. Johnson | 8,250 | (10) | 24,750 | (10) | — | 28.03 | 9/30/18 | 24,750 | (11) | 1,102,365 | — | —
15,000 | (10) | 668,100 | — | —
Andrew Burke | 15,000 | — | — | 14.93 | 6/19/16 | 7,500 | (4) | 334,050 | — | —
11,249 | (12) | 3,751 | (12) | — | 15.83 | 3/14/17 | 5,000 | (6) | 222,700 | — | —
5,500 | (7) | 244,970 | — | —
Stephen E. Kim | 10,387 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 5,000 | (4) | 222,700 | — | —
7,000 | — | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 4,200 | (6) | 187,068 | — | —
Linda B. Segre | — | 5,000 | (7) | 222,270 | — | —
10,000 | (13) | 33.00 | 10/01/20 | 10,000 | (14) | 445,400 | — | — (1) | All options set forth in the table have a ten-year term. The unvested portion of an option will expire prior to its stated expiration date in the event of the optionee’s termination of employment.
(2) | Represents restricted stock awards that vest subject to continued employment with Diamond Foods.
(3) | The market value of the unvested restricted shares was computed using $44.54, which was the closing price of Diamond Foods common stock on July 30, 2010.
(4) | These shares were granted on August 9, 2007, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on August 9, 2011.
(5) | From 2001 until October 2005, Mr. Mendes was the beneficiary of a Long Term Incentive Compensation program (“LTIC”), pursuant to which Diamond Foods agreed to provide Mr. Mendes with annual cash benefits over a ten year period, with payments to begin as early as Mr. Mendes’ 50th birthday, under certain circumstances. To better align Mr. Mendes’ interests with those of our stockholders, on October 25, 2005, the Board approved terminating the LTIC and granted Mr. Mendes an option to purchase 225,000 shares of our common stock. The option vests over five years, with options to purchase 20% of the shares vesting on October 25, 2006, and the remainder vesting on a pro rata basis on each quarterly anniversary thereafter over the next four years. The option became fully vested on October 25, 2010.
(6) | These shares were granted on August 8, 2008, and vest in two equal annual installments on the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date, until fully vested on August 8, 2012.
(7) | These shares were granted on August 7, 2009 and vest in two equal annual installments on the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date, until fully vested on August 7, 2013.
(8) | These shares were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond Foods, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on March 25, 2012.
(9) | These options were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond Foods. One-fourth of the options vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the balance vest in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on March 25, 2012. 28 Table of Contents (10) | These options were granted on September 30, 2008 in connection with Mr. Johnson’s employment with Diamond Foods. One-fourth of the options vested on September 30, 2009, and the balance vest in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on September 30, 2012.
(11) | These shares were granted on September 30, 2008 in connection with Mr. Johnson’s employment with Diamond Foods, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on September 30, 2012.
(12) | These options were granted on March 14, 2007 in connection with Mr. Burke’s promotion to Senior Vice President, Marketing. One-third of the options vested on March 14, 2008, and the balance vest in eight equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on March 14, 2010.
(13) | These options were granted on October 1, 2009 in connection with Ms. Segre’s employment with Diamond Foods. One-fourth of the options vest on August 17, 2010, and the balance bests in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on August 16, 2013.
(14) | These shares were granted on October 1, 2009 in connection with Ms. Segre’s employment with Diamond Foods, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of August 17, 2009, until fully vested on August 17, 2013. 2010
 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Shares | Value Realized | Number of Shares | Value Realized on
Acquired on Exercise | on Exercise | Acquired on Vesting | Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#)(1) | ($)(2)
Michael J. Mendes | — | — | 27,034 | 782,105
Steven M. Neil | — | — | — | —
Lloyd J. Johnson | — | — | 8,250 | 261,690
Andrew Burke | — | — | 3,750 | 102,188
Stephen E. Kim | — | — | 3,167 | 90,610
Linda B. Segre | — | — | — | — (1) | Represents shares of restricted stock that vested during fiscal 2010.
(2) | Calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting. PENSION
 BENEFITS We maintain the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan, a
 defined benefit pension plan that provides unfunded,
 non-qualified benefits. The normal retirement benefit provided
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan is payable as a ten-year
 certain and life annuity beginning at age 60. The benefit
 is the amount by which the monthly target benefit under the plan
 exceeds the monthly benefit that was paid out in a prior year
 from the Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan, a qualified defined
 benefit pension plan we sponsored previously but then
 terminated. The target benefit under the Retirement Restoration
 Plan is the amount resulting from the formula below that
 produces the higher benefit: • | 2% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service. Once this amount is calculated, subtract 1% multiplied by the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 40 years).
• | 3% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). Once this amount is calculated, add 1 / 2 % of the annual average compensation multiplied by the years of credited service that exceed 15 years. Once this amount is added, subtract 3 1 / 3 % of the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). For the purposes of these calculations, annual average
 compensation is the highest average of annual compensation over
 five consecutive years out of the ten years preceding the
 earlier of the date of termination of employment and the
 participant’s 65th birthday. Compensation includes
 base salary and bonus, but excludes restricted stock awards. 29 Table of Contents Benefits are payable after the first to occur of the following: • | Death
• | Disability
• | Termination of employment
• | Age 55 Benefits are reduced for commencement before age 60 as
 follows: • | If the participant is at least age 50 with 10 or more years of service, the reduction is 1 / 3 % per month for each month commencement precedes age 60.
• | Otherwise, the reduced benefit is the actuarial equivalent of the benefit commencing at age 60, based on 8% interest and Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality. Benefits are paid as a single cash payment (lump sum) equal to
 the actuarial present value of the early retirement benefit. The
 lump sum amount is determined using the basis set forth in the
 General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade — Retirement
 Protection Act of 1994 (“GATT”), utilizing the average 30-year T-bond rate for the month two months prior to the month of
 distribution. The higher the interest rate, the lower the lump
 sum, and vice versa. Alternatively, the participant may elect to receive his benefit
 as an annuity and/or at a
 later time, but only after filing a written request that
 satisfies IRC Section 409A timing rules. The Retirement Restoration Plan currently allows the participant
 to choose from a number of methods to receive accrued benefits,
 which include the following: • | Single life annuity — A single life annuity provides a monthly benefit until death.
• | Life annuity with 5 or 10 years certain — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit for life. If death occurs before the end of the 5 or 10 years, the designated beneficiary will receive the same monthly benefit for the remainder of the 5 or 10 year period.
• | Joint and survivor annuity — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit paid for life. If the participant dies before their beneficiary, the beneficiary receives the selected percentage (50%, 66 2 / 3 %, 75%, or 100%) of that monthly benefit for the rest of his or her life.
• | Lump sum payment — described above.
• | Any other payment form agreed to by Diamond Foods and the participant. Determination
 of Value The amounts shown below are based on retirement at age 60,
 which is the earliest age at which an unreduced retirement
 benefit is payable under the Retirement Restoration Plan. Other
 key assumptions used to determine the amounts are as follows: • | An interest rate of 4.7%, the FASB ASC 715-30 discount rate as of July 31, 2010. The discount rate as of July 31, 2009 was 5.8%.
• | The value of benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan has been determined assuming the benefit is received as a lump sum, with the conversion based on a 4.7% interest rate and the unisex Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality table. The conversion as of July 31, 2009 was based on a 5.5% interest rate assumption. 30 Table of Contents Our Chief Executive Officer currently is the sole participant in
 the Retirement Restoration Plan. The table below shows for him
 the number of years of credited service, present value of
 accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan. The years of credited
 service are years of service while employed by us, and no
 additional years of credited service have been granted. 2010
 Pension Benefits Present Value of | Payments
Number of Years | Accumulated | During Last
Credited Service | Benefit | Fiscal Year
Name | Plan Name | (#) | ($) | ($)
Michael Mendes | Retirement Restoration Plan | 17.8 | 3,945,924 | — Potential
 Payments upon Employment Termination and Change-of-Control Events We have entered into change-of-control agreements with our executive officers. Under these agreements,
 if we sell all or substantially all of our assets, complete a
 merger after which our stockholders before the merger do not own
 more than 50% of the surviving or successor entity’s
 outstanding voting securities after the merger, or any person or
 entity acquires 50% or more of our outstanding voting
 securities, and then after such change of control the successor
 entity terminates the executive officer without cause (as
 defined below) or the executive officer terminates his
 employment for good reason (as defined below), then the vesting
 of the executive officer’s restricted stock and stock
 options will accelerate and the executive officer will become
 entitled to receive severance payments equal to a multiple of
 his or her current yearly salary and maximum bonus. The multiple
 is three times for Mr. Mendes, two times for Mr. Neil
 and Mr. Johnson and one time for Mr. Burke,
 Mr. Kim, and Ms. Segre. In addition, if an executive
 officer elects to continue medical and/or dental coverage after termination, such executive officer will
 receive a monthly payment equal to the premium(s) for the
 coverage elected for such executive officer and dependents of
 such executive officer. Under these agreements, the term “cause” means
 termination of employment due to the executive officer’s
 willful and continued failure to perform his or her duties to
 Diamond Foods or its successor after we (or our successor or the
 surviving entity) deliver a written demand for substantial
 performance to the executive officer, provided that this demand
 specifically identifies how we (or our successor or the
 surviving entity) believe that the executive officer has not
 substantially performed his or her duties, or the executive
 officer’s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo
 contendere to felony criminal conduct. Under these agreements, the term “good reason” means
 in each case without the executive officer’s consent or
 waiver: a material diminution of the executive officer’s
 duties or authority with Diamond Foods, or the assignment of
 duties and responsibilities inconsistent with his or her status
 at Diamond Foods, as of the date of the change of control; a
 reduction in base salary or material reduction in benefits as of
 the date of the change in control without the express written
 consent of the executive officer; any breach by us of any of our
 material obligations under our agreements with the executive
 officer; or a reassignment that requires the executive officer
 to move his or her principal work location more than
 50 miles. In addition, in connection with commencement of his employment
 as Chief Executive Officer, we agreed to provide Mr. Mendes
 with termination benefits independent of a change of control
 transaction. If we terminate Mr. Mendes’ employment
 for any reason other than due to his willful breach of duty,
 habitual neglect of duty or continued incapacity to perform, he
 is entitled to continuation of his salary and health, dental and
 vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months, and we have
 agreed to provide him with up to $10,000 in outplacement
 services. 31 Table of Contents The table below presents estimated payments and benefits that
 would have been provided to each of our named executive officers
 assuming their respective terminations as of July 31, 2010
 (pursuant to a change of control agreement with respect to the
 named executive officers other than Mr. Mendes, and
 pursuant to an employment letter agreement with respect to
 Mr. Mendes). As a condition of receiving any severance
 benefits in connection with the change of control agreements,
 the executive must execute a full waiver and release of all
 claims in our favor and agree to abide by covenants regarding
 confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees, non-interference
 with our business relationships and non-competition. In addition
 to the benefits described in the tables below, upon termination
 of employment executive officers may be eligible for other
 benefits that are generally available to all salaried employees,
 such as life insurance, long-term disability, and 401(k)
 benefits. Michael Mendes | Steven Neil | Lloyd Johnson | Andrew Burke | Stephen Kim | Linda Segre
Termination after Change of Control:
Severance — Multiple of base salary and maximum Annuals\Bonus Program award | $ | 6,525,000 | $ | 2,157,120 | $ | 1,987,680 | $ | 704,640 | $ | 556,200 | $ | 520,000
Post-termination COBRA reimbursement for 18 months | 23,876 | 23,876 | 23,876 | 23,876 | 23,876 | 23,876
Acceleration of unvested restricted stock(1) | 5,010,750 | 2,394,025 | 1,770,465 | 801,720 | 632,468 | 445,400
Acceleration of unvested options(1) | 309,038 | 591,075 | 136,208 | — | — | 115,400
Total | $ | 11,868,664 | $ | 5,166,096 | $ | 3,918,229 | $ | 1,530,236 | $ | 1,212,544 | $ | 1,104,676
Voluntary Retirement:
Payment under Retirement Restoration Plan(2) | $ | 3,945,924 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Involuntary Termination:
Post-termination outplacement services | $ | 10,000 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Post-termination base salary, health and welfare benefit continuation (12 months)(3) | 740,516 | — | — | — | — | —
Total | $ | 750,516 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — (1) | Amounts shown represent acceleration of vesting triggered by termination event after a change of control based on $44.54 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on July 30, 2010.
(2) | Amounts reflect estimated lump-sum present value of non-qualified retirement plan benefits.
(3) | Amounts reflect 12 months of base salary and COBRA reimbursements as of July 31, 2010. DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION Non-employee members of our Board are compensated through cash
 retainers and stock option awards. For the 2010 fiscal year,
 each member received an annual retainer of $50,000, and the
 chairman of the Board received an additional annual retainer of
 $10,000. Members of Board committees receive annual retainers as
 well, as follows: Audit Committee chair — $18,000 and
 other Audit Committee members — $8,000; Compensation
 Committee chair — $12,000 and other Compensation
 Committee members — $7,000; Nominating &
 Governance Committee chair — $9,000 and other
 Nominating & Governance Committee members —
 $4,000. All of our directors are reimbursed for their reasonable
 expenses in attending Board and Board committee meetings but
 receive no other fees for attending meetings. 32 Table of Contents Upon initial appointment or election to our Board, each
 non-employee director receives an automatic grant of restricted
 stock and an automatic stock option grant, under our 2005 Equity
 Incentive Plan. The number of shares of restricted stock is
 equal to $120,000 divided by the closing price of our stock on
 the date of grant. We retain the right to repurchase these
 shares for the nominal purchase price until they are vested. The
 restricted shares vest in three equal annual installments,
 commencing with the first anniversary of the date of grant,
 provided the director remains in continuous service as a
 director through that date. Prior to vesting, the director is
 entitled to vote and receive dividends with respect to such
 shares, but not to transfer them. Each award will become fully
 vested if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the
 director’s termination of service. Each non-employee
 director also receives an automatic grant of an option to
 purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock, at an exercise
 price per share equal to the fair market value of our common
 stock on the date of grant. These automatic option grants have
 ten-year terms and will terminate six months following the date
 the director ceases to be one of our directors or consultants or
 12 months following that date, if the termination is due to
 death or disability. Each automatic grant of options vests and
 becomes exercisable in full on the anniversary of the date of
 grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as a
 director through that date. In addition, each option award will
 become fully vested and exercisable if we are acquired prior to
 or at the time of the director’s termination of service. The following table shows the compensation earned in the 2010
 fiscal year by members of our Board: Fees Earned or
Paid in Cash | Stock Awards | Option Awards | Total
Name | ($) | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)
Laurence M. Baer | 57,000 | — | 112,988 | 169,988
Edward A. Blechschmidt | 68,000 | 39,991 | 126,224 | 234,215
John J. Gilbert | 60,000 | — | 112,988 | 172,988
Robert M. Lea | 50,000 | — | 112,988 | 162,988
Dennis Mussell | 62,000 | — | 112,988 | 174,988
Joseph P. Silveira | 58,000 | — | 112,988 | 170,988
Glen C. Warren | 66,000 | — | 112,988 | 178,988
Robert J. Zollars | 66,000 | — | 112,988 | 178,988 (1) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during the 2010 fiscal year in accordance with ASC Topic 718 related to the awards of restricted shares granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our ASC Topic 718 assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(2) | All of the non-employee directors other than Mr. Blechschmidt received an automatic award of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on July 20, 2010 at an exercise price of $43.24 per share. Mr. Blechschmidt, who joined the Board on March 25, 2008, received an automatic award of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on March 25, 2010, at an exercise price of $42.37 per share. The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with ASC Topic 718 related to options to purchase common stock granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our ASC Topic 718 assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 33 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
 COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The Compensation Committee currently consists of Laurence M.
 Baer, Glen C. Warren and Robert J. Zollars. None of the members
 of the Compensation Committee is, or was at any time, an officer
 or employee of Diamond or any of its subsidiaries. None of our
 executive officers serves or has served on the Board or
 Compensation Committee of any entity that has one or more
 executive officers serving an our Board or Compensation
 Committee during the most recently completed fiscal year. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth information as of July 31,
 2010 regarding equity awards under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan: Equity
 Compensation Plan Information Table Weighted
Number of Securities | Average Exercise
to be Issued Upon | Price of | Number of Securities
Exercise of | Outstanding | Available for Future
Outstanding Options, | Options, Warrants | Issuance Under Equity
Warrants and Rights | and Rights | Compensation Plans
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 1,451,963 | $ | 21.11 | 731,522 | (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 1,451,963 | $ | 21.11 | 731,522 | (1) (1) | All of the shares available for grant under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan may be issued in the form of stock options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock units. Under the terms of our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, on the first business day of each fiscal year through 2014, the aggregate number of shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to the plan is automatically increased by a number of shares equal to 2% of the total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding July 31, or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board, provided that no more than 25,000,000 shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Any related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by
 the Audit Committee or another independent body of the Board in
 accordance with the written Audit Committee Charter. Other than the arrangements described in “Corporate
 Governance and Board of Directors Matters
 — Independent Directors,” “Executive
 Compensation,” “Director Compensation” and
 the transactions described below, since August 1, 2009
 there has not been, and there currently is not proposed, any
 transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were
 or will be a party, in which the amount involved exceeded or
 exceeds $120,000, and in which any director, executive officer,
 holder of more than 5% of our common stock or any member of
 their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect
 material interest. Grower
 Payments We have paid members of our Board who are currently growers from
 whom we purchase walnuts, or an affiliate of such growers, for
 walnut products we received from them in the ordinary course of
 our business. 34 Table of Contents The following table shows the payments received by the directors
 who also sold walnuts to us in fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 through October 25, 2010: Fiscal | Grower
Name | Year | Payments
John J. Gilbert(1) | 2011 | $ | 1,022,660
2010 | $ | 1,916,048
Robert M. Lea | 2011 | $ | 284,952
2010 | $ | 557,853 (1) | Represents amounts paid to Rio Oso Groves, Inc., of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer, and to Gilbert Orchards, a corporation of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer. Indemnification
 of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of
 Liability Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that
 eliminates the personal liability of our directors for monetary
 damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty as directors,
 except for liability: • | for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders;
• | for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
• | under section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases; or
• | for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our bylaws provide that we: • | must indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions;
• | may indemnify our other employees and agents to the same extent that we indemnified our directors and executive officers, unless otherwise required by law, our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or agreements; and
• | must advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
 directors and executive officers to give them additional
 contractual assurances regarding the scope of the
 indemnification provided in our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws and to provide additional procedural protections.
 Presently, there is no pending litigation or proceeding
 involving any of our directors, executive officers or employees
 for which indemnification is sought, nor are we aware of any
 threatened litigation that may result in claims for
 indemnification. We maintain liability insurance for our directors and officers
 and have obtained a rider to this coverage for securities
 matters. DEADLINE
 FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2012 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for consideration
 at forthcoming stockholder meetings provided that they comply
 with the proxy rules promulgated by the SEC and our Bylaws.
 Under SEC rules, any stockholder who intends to present a
 proposal at our 2012 annual meeting of stockholders must submit
 the proposal, in writing, so that we receive it at our principal
 executive offices no later than July 26, 2011 in order for
 the proposal to be included in our proxy statement and proxy for
 the 2012 annual meeting. Stockholders wishing to present a
 proposal at our 2012 annual meeting of stockholders or to
 nominate a person to our Board at the 2012 annual meeting of
 stockholders (but not include such nomination in the proxy
 statement) 35 Table of Contents must submit such proposal or nominee to us no earlier than
 October 5, 2011 and no later than November 4, 2011 if
 they wish for it to be eligible for presentation at our 2012
 annual meeting. To be valid, submission of a director nominee
 must include the information contained in
 Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws. Nominations or proposals
 not meeting these requirements will not be entertained at the
 annual meeting. If the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more
 than 30 days earlier or 60 days later than the
 anniversary of the prior year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders, then nominations and stockholder proposals must be
 received not earlier than close of business on the
 105th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than
 close of business on the later to occur of (i) the
 75th day prior to the annual meeting or (ii) the
 10th day after the date we first publicly announced the
 date of the annual meeting. OTHER
 BUSINESS The Board knows of no other business that will be presented for
 consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other matters are
 properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is the intention
 of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote the
 shares they represent as the Board may recommend. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, via telephone, or
 complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card
 in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting
 so that your shares will be represented at the Annual
 Meeting. 36 Table of Contents Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please do not write outside the designated areas. | x Electronic Voting Instructions You can vote by Internet or telephone! Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may
choose one of the two voting methods outlined
below to vote your proxy. VALIDATION DETAILS ARE LOCATED BELOW IN THE TITLE BAR. Proxies submitted by the Internet or telephone
must be received by 1:00 a.m., Central Time, on
January 18, 2011. Vote by Internet • Log on to the Internet and go to www.investorvote.com/DMND
• Follow the steps outlined on the secured website.
Vote by telephone • Call toll free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the USA, US territories & Canada any time on a touch tone telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call.
• Follow the instructions provided by the recorded message. 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE,
FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 A Proposals
— The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed and FOR Proposal 2. 1. | Election of Directors: | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | +
01 - John J. Gilbert | o | o | 02 - Robert J. Zollars | o | o | 03 - Edward A. Blechschmidt | o | o
04 - Steven M. Neil | o | o For | Against | Abstain
2. | Approval of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm. | o | o | o B Non-Voting Items Change of Address – Please print new address below. C Authorized Signatures — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. — Date and Sign Below Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give
full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. | Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. | Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the box.
/ / Table of Contents 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 Proxy — DIAMOND FOODS, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on January 18, 2011 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints Michael J. Mendes and John J. Gilbert, and each of them, as
the Proxyholders, each with full powers of substitution, and hereby authorizes them to represent
and to vote, as designated on the reverse side, all shares of common stock of Diamond Foods, Inc.
(the “COMPANY”) that the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
the Company to be held on January 18, 2011 at 9:00 a.m., at 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, CA
94111 and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy, when properly executed and returned in a timely manner, will be voted at the Meeting
and any adjournment or postponement thereof in the manner described herein. If no contrary
indication is made, the Proxy will be voted FOR the Proposals and in accordance with the judgment
and in the discretion of the persons named as Proxyholders herein on any other business that may
properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, to the extent
authorized by Rule 14a-4(c) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THIS PROXY CARD AND
RETURN IT PRIOR TO THE MEETING IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. SEE REVERSE SIDE | CONTINUED AND TO BE VOTED ON REVERSE SIDE. | SEE REVERSE SIDE