10-K 1 f23562e10vk.htm FORM 10-K e10vk Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
 20549 Form 10-K (Mark One)
þ | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2006
OR
o | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from to Commission File No.: 000-51439 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) Delaware | 20-2556965
(State of Incorporation) | (IRS Employer Identification No.)
1050 South Diamond Street | 95205-7087
Stockton, California | (Zip Code)
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 209-467-6000 (Telephone No.) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: Title of Each Class: | Name of Exchange on Which Registered:
Common Stock, $0.001 par value | NASDAQ Global Select Market
Series A Junior Preferred Stock Purchase Right | NASDAQ Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes o No þ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
 file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d)
 of the Exchange
 Act. Yes o No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
 to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes þ No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated
 filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large
 accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer þ Non-accelerated
 filer o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes o No þ As of January 31, 2006, the aggregate market value of the
 registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant was $317,941,409 based on the closing sale price as
 reported on the NASDAQ Market System. As of August 31,
 2006, there were 15,737,194 shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2007
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference
 into Part III hereof. TABLE OF
 CONTENTS Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business | 3
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 8
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 11
Item 2. | Properties | 12
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 12
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | 12
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 12
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 13
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 14
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk | 24
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 25
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 50
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 50
Item 9B. | Other Information | 50
PART III
Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant | 50
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 50
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 50
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions | 50
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 51
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 51
Signatures | 54
EXHIBIT 23.01
EXHIBIT 31.01
EXHIBIT 31.02
EXHIBIT 32.01
EXHIBIT 23.01
EXHIBIT 31.01
EXHIBIT 31.02
EXHIBIT 32.01 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this Annual Report regarding our
 future financial and operating performance and results, business
 strategy, market prices, future commodity prices, plans and
 forecasts and other statements that are not historical facts are
 forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking
 statements on our assumptions, expectations and projections
 about future events only as of the date of this Annual Report. We use the words “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
 “plan,” “seek” and other similar expressions
 to identify forward-looking statements that discuss our future
 expectations, contain projections of our results of operations
 or financial condition or state other
 “forward-looking” information. These forward-looking
 statements also involve many risks and uncertainties that could
 cause actual results to differ from our expectations in material
 ways. Please refer to the risks and uncertainties discussed in
 the section titled “Risk Factors.” You also should
 carefully consider other cautionary statements elsewhere in this
 Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us during our 2007 fiscal year. We do not
 undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to
 reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this
 report. PART I Item 1. | Business Overview Diamond Foods, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 as the
 successor to Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc., a member-owned
 California agricultural cooperative association. In July 2005,
 Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. merged with and into Diamond Foods,
 Inc., converted from a cooperative association to a Delaware
 corporation and completed an initial public offering of Diamond
 Foods’ common stock. The terms “Diamond Foods,”
 “Company,” “Registrant,” “we,”
 “us” and “our” mean Diamond Foods, Inc. and
 its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. We are a branded food company specializing in processing,
 marketing and distributing culinary, in-shell and ingredient
 nuts and snack products. Our company was founded in 1912 and has
 a strong heritage in the walnut market under the Diamond of
 California brand. We intend to expand our existing business, and
 to continue to introduce new higher-value branded products in
 our culinary and snack businesses, including snack products
 marketed under our Emerald and Harmony brand names. Our products
 are sold in over 60,000 retail locations in the United States
 and in over 100 countries. We have four product lines: • | Culinary. We sell culinary nuts under the Diamond of California brand in grocery store baking and produce aisles and through mass merchandisers and club stores. Culinary nuts are marketed to individuals who prepare meals or baked goods at home and who value fresh, high-quality products.
• | Snack. We sell snack products under the Emerald and Harmony brands. These products which include roasted, glazed and flavored nuts and trail mixes packaged in innovative resealable containers, are typically available in grocery store snack and produce aisles, mass merchandisers, convenience stores, drug stores and other places where snacks are sold.
• | In-shell. We sell in-shell nuts under the Diamond of California brand, primarily during the winter holiday season. These products are typically available in grocery store produce sections, mass merchandisers and club stores.
• | Ingredient/Food Service. We market ingredient and food service nuts under the Diamond of California brand to food processors, restaurants, bakeries and food service companies and their suppliers. Our institutional and industrial customers use our standard or customer-specified products to add flavor and enhance nutritional value and texture in their product offerings. 3 Table of Contents Our net sales were as follows (in millions): Year Ended July 31, 2006 | Year Ended July 31, 2005 | Year Ended July 31, 2004
North | Inter- | North | Inter- | North | Inter-
America | national | Total | America | national | Total | America | national | Total
Culinary | $ | 189.4 | $ | 12.1 | $ | 201.5 | $ | 164.2 | $ | 21.0 | $ | 185.2 | $ | 142.0 | $ | 15.3 | $ | 157.3
Snack | 40.7 | — | 40.7 | 21.5 | — | 21.5 | 7.1 | — | 7.1
In-shell | 44.7 | 40.3 | 85.0 | 42.8 | 42.3 | 85.1 | 38.4 | 39.5 | 77.9
Total retail | 274.8 | 52.4 | 327.2 | 228.5 | 63.3 | 291.8 | 187.5 | 54.8 | 242.3
Ingredient/food service | 84.5 | 62.4 | 146.9 | 107.0 | 59.2 | 166.2 | 71.0 | 41.5 | 112.5
Other | 3.1 | — | 3.1 | 4.5 | — | 4.5 | 4.9 | — | 4.9
Total | $ | 362.4 | $ | 114.8 | $ | 477.2 | $ | 340.0 | $ | 122.5 | $ | 462.5 | $ | 263.4 | $ | 96.3 | $ | 359.7 Sales to SAM’s Club and Wal-Mart combined accounted for
 approximately 19%, 17% and 16% of our net sales for the years
 ended July 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 respectively. No other
 single customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales. Our disclosure reports that we file with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission are available free of charge on the Investor
 Relations page of our website, www.diamondfoods.com. Our
 Strategy Our goal is to continue to increase our revenues by increasing
 our market share in the snack category, while strengthening our
 position as the number one marketer and distributor of culinary
 nuts. In addition, we intend to expand our profit margins by
 introducing higher-margin products and reducing costs. To
 achieve these goals we intend to: Increase market share in the snack
 industry. We plan to promote our broad line of
 snack products aggressively, by investing in creative
 advertising, marketing and promotional programs. We believe our
 continued investments in national advertising campaigns will
 help differentiate our products and improve our competitive
 position. National consolidation of retailers has created a need
 for distribution efficiencies, such as fewer stock keeping
 units, or SKUs, conservation of warehouse space, supply chain
 support and national merchandising. We are capable of providing
 these efficiencies. We intend to gain additional market share in
 the snack market, especially snack nuts, by exploiting our
 national brand and distribution systems. Improve gross and operating margins. We intend
 to increase our margins through shifting product mix and
 investing in capital improvements and other cost reduction
 activities. We expect a greater proportion of our sales to be
 represented by higher-margin products. We plan to invest capital
 for projects that lower our costs. We intend to examine the
 location and function of our processing, storage and
 distribution facilities and optimize the utilization of these
 assets. We are also investing in additional processing and
 packaging equipment. We expect that these investments will
 increase our production flexibility, enabling us to serve our
 customers better and improve our margins. Expand and improve our distribution
 channels. We plan to expand existing sales
 channels and introduce our snack products in new distribution
 channels, particularly drug stores, mass merchandisers,
 convenience stores and club stores. We believe these outlets
 represent excellent growth opportunities for our snack products
 because sales in these channels are generally growing faster
 than traditional grocery stores. We plan to leverage our
 existing supply chain management capabilities to
 cost-effectively distribute our products through these new
 channels. Pursue external growth opportunities. In order
 to maintain and grow our leading market share in culinary nuts
 and expand our presence in the snack industry, we may make
 strategic acquisitions, enter into strategic alliances or pursue
 other external growth opportunities. In particular, we intend to
 identify opportunities that will allow us to: • | introduce new products that are complementary to our existing product lines and are capable of being marketed through our existing production and distribution systems; 4 Table of Contents • | build our brand’s value; and
• | enhance our processing and distribution capabilities to lower our costs. Principal
 Products We market and sell the following products: Category | Products | Product Features
Culinary | • Shelled nuts | • Whole, sliced, chopped and ground nuts
• Pegboard nuts | • Package sizes ranging from convenient 2.25-ounce pegboard packages to three-pound bags
• Glazed nuts
• Harvest Reserve Premium nuts | • Recipe-ready
• Maximum freshness through resealable, atmosphere-controlled packaging
Snack | • Glazed nuts | • Unique flavors, including Apple Cinnamon, Butter Toffee, Chocolate Brownie and Pecan Pie
• Mixed nuts | • Package sizes ranging from 0.5-ounce to 38-ounce in tubes, containers, and resealable foil bags
• Roasted nuts | • Innovative, eye-catching packaging and ‘‘on-the-go” containers
• Trail mix and yogurt enrobed products | • Unique blends and nutritionally enriched products
In-shell | • Various uncracked nuts, cleaned and/or polished | • Packaged in-shell
• Mixed nuts | • Various package sizes ranging from one-pound bags to 25-kilogram sacks, with nut sizes ranging from baby to jumbo
Ingredient/ Food Service | • Shelled and processed nuts | • Whole, sliced, chopped and ground nuts
• Custom-processed nuts | • Food processor product of uniform size and consistent color
• Glazed nuts | • Various large package sizes tailored for business usage
• Flexible processing and packaging operations In May 2006, we acquired certain net assets of Harmony Foods
 Corporation. This acquisition adds production capability and
 product line expansion such as trail mixes, specialty dried
 fruits, nuts and seeds, sweet/salty snacks and organic snacks
 that are available in multiple packaging options including
 resealable single and multiple serve bags, deli cups and
 self-serve produce bins. We offer all of our products in an array of packages to meet
 different market needs. We sell our culinary nut products in
 packages that are smaller and more convenient to use than our
 traditional one-pound packages, and have broadened their appeal
 and differentiated them from our competitors’ products. Our
 snack nut products are sold in 5 Table of Contents various “on-the-go” package styles, including resealable foil bags and resealable
 plastic containers. For example, we offer Emerald snack products
 in immediate consumption packages (2.25 ounce to 2.5 ounce)
 designed primarily for convenience stores. With colorful,
 eye-catching labels and ergonomically designed, lightweight
 canisters, our products look and feel different than our
 competitors’ products, which have traditionally been
 marketed with understated labels in heavy glass or composite
 canisters. Marketing We believe that our marketing efforts are fundamental to the
 success of our business. Advertising expenses were
 $18.0 million in 2006, $22.2 million in 2005 and
 $14.7 million in 2004. We develop marketing strategies
 specific to each existing or new product line. Our marketing
 efforts are focused on building brand awareness, attracting new
 consumers, and increasing consumption. In order to maintain good
 customer relationships, these efforts are designed to establish
 a premium value proposition to minimize the impact on our
 customers’ private label sales. Marketing to
 ingredient/food service customers is focused on trade-oriented
 activities. Our consumer-targeted marketing campaigns include television and
 print advertisements, coupons, co-marketing arrangements with
 complementary consumer product companies, and co-op advertising
 with select retail customers. Our television advertising airs on
 national network and cable channels and often features key sport
 venues suited to our product demographic such as the Super Bowl,
 the NFL and Major League Baseball. We design and provide point-of-purchase displays and product dispensers for use by our retail customers.
 These displays, and other shelving and pegboard displays, help
 ensure that our products are promoted in a consistent,
 eye-catching manner. They also enable us to make our products
 available for sale in multiple locations in a store, often
 outside of the baking and snack aisles, thus increasing impulse
 purchase opportunities. Our public relations and event
 sponsorship efforts are an important component of our overall
 marketing and brand awareness strategy. Our public relations
 efforts include distribution of free consumer publications
 designed to educate consumers about diet, health and the
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and recipe
 ingredient. We also conduct news media outreach programs and use
 our websites for product promotion and consumer entertainment.
 We offer samples and reach out to health-oriented consumers by
 sponsoring athletic events such as marathons, other running
 events and a nationally televised college football bowl game,
 the Emerald Bowl. Promotional activities associated with our ingredient/food
 service products include attending regional and national trade
 shows, trade publication advertising, and customer-specific
 marketing efforts. These promotional efforts highlight our
 commitment to quality assurance, our processing and storage
 capabilities, and product customization. We enter into
 co-branding arrangements with customers, such as McDonalds, Old
 Colony Baking and Pillsbury, where the producer of another
 branded product indicates on the package that Diamond of
 California brand products are an ingredient. Sales and
 Distribution We market our consumer products through our sales personnel
 directly to large, national grocery, mass merchandiser, club
 stores, convenience stores and drug store chains. Our sales
 department also oversees a network of over 170 independent
 brokers and various independent distributors and suppliers to
 regional grocery store chains and convenience stores. We distribute our products from our California, Alabama and
 Indiana production facilities, and from leased warehouse and
 distribution facilities located in California, Florida, Georgia,
 Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
 Texas and Wisconsin. Our sales administration and logistics
 department manages the administration and fulfillment of
 customer orders. The majority of our products are shipped from
 our production, warehouse and distribution facilities by
 contract and common carriers. Product
 Development and Production We develop our products through an arrangement with
 Mattson & Company, an independent food product
 development firm. This arrangement enables us to use top-quality
 talent to develop innovative products quickly, particularly for
 our snack nut product line, while minimizing product development
 costs. Our management team works closely with Mattson &
 Company throughout all phases of new product development. Once new products have been identified and developed, our
 internal production staff manages the process from inception to
 large-scale production and is responsible for consistently
 delivering high-quality products to market. 6 Table of Contents We process and package most of our products at our Stockton,
 California, Robertsdale, Alabama and Fishers, Indiana
 facilities. Periodically, we may use third parties to process
 and package a portion of our products when demand requirements
 for our products warrant. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products
 compete against food products sold by many regional and national
 companies, some of which are larger and have greater resources.
 We also compete for shelf space of retail grocers, convenience
 stores, drug stores, mass merchandisers and club stores. As
 these retailers consolidate, the number of customers and
 potential customers declines and their purchasing power
 increases. As a result, there is greater pressure to manage
 distribution capabilities in ways that increase efficiency for
 these large retailers, especially on a national scale. In
 general, competition in our markets is based on product quality,
 price, brand recognition, and loyalty. Through the combination
 of the strength of our brands, our product differentiation and
 multiple sales and distribution channels, we believe that we
 compete effectively in each of these categories. Our principal
 competitors are national nut distributors, such as Planters, nut
 processors, and regional and international food suppliers. Raw
 Materials and Supplies We obtain nuts from domestic and international sources. We
 obtained the majority of our walnuts from growers that have
 entered into long-term supply contracts, and we will continue to
 purchase all of our other nut requirements from processors on
 the open market. During 2006, all of the walnuts, peanuts and
 almonds we obtained were grown in the United States. We obtain
 all of our walnuts directly from growers located in California
 and we purchase other nuts from importers and domestic
 processors. Most of our supply of hazelnuts and pecans were
 grown in the United States. We import Brazil nuts from the
 Amazon basin; cashew nuts from India, Africa, Brazil and
 Southeast Asia; hazelnuts from Turkey; pecans from Mexico; and
 pine nuts from China. We believe that we will be able to procure an adequate supply of
 raw materials for our products in the future, although the
 availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our
 products are subject to crop size, quality, yield fluctuations,
 and changes in governmental regulation as well as other factors. We purchase from third parties all other supplies used in our
 business, including roasting oils, seasonings, plastic
 containers, foil bags, labels and other packaging materials. We
 believe that each of these supplies is available from multiple
 sources and that our business is not materially dependent upon
 any individual supplier relationship. Trademarks
 and Patents We market our products primarily under the Diamond, Emerald and
 Harmony brands, which are registered as trademarks with the
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various
 other jurisdictions. Our agreement with Blue Diamond Growers
 limits our use of the Diamond brand in connection with our
 marketing of snack nut products, but preserves our exclusive use
 of our Diamond brand for all culinary and inshell nut products.
 We also own two U.S. patents of various durations related
 to our processing methods. While these patents are an important
 element of our success, our business as a whole is not
 materially dependent on either one of them. We expect to
 continue to renew for the foreseeable future those trademarks
 that are important to our business. Seasonality We experience seasonality in our business. Demand for walnut and
 other products is highest during the months of September,
 October, November and December. We purchase walnuts, pecans and
 almonds, our principal raw materials, between August and
 February, and process them throughout the year until the
 following harvest. As a result of this seasonality, our
 personnel, working capital requirements and inventories peak
 during the last four months of the calendar year. We experience
 seasonality in capacity utilization at our Stockton, California
 facility associated with the annual harvest during this period. Employees As of July 31, 2006, we had 768 full-time employees,
 consisting of 572 production and distribution employees, 178
 corporate staff employees and 18 sales employees. Our labor
 requirements typically peak during the last quarter of the
 calendar year, when we generally use temporary labor to
 supplement our full-time work force. Our production 7 Table of Contents and distribution employees in the Stockton, California plant are
 members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. In 2005,
 we entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with
 these employees that expires in March 2010. We consider our
 relations with our employees to be good. Item 1A. | RISK FACTORS This report contains forward-looking statements that involve
 risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
 materially from the results discussed or implied in such
 forward-looking statements due to such risks and uncertainties.
 Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not
 limited to, those discussed below, in the section entitled
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this
 report. We could
 be required to conduct product recalls; concerns with the safety
 and quality of food products could harm our sales or cause
 consumers to avoid our products. We face risks associated with product liability claims and
 product recalls if our products cause injury, or become
 adulterated, mislabeled or misbranded. Our products are subject
 to product tampering, and to contamination risks, such as mold,
 bacteria, insects and other pests, shell fragments,
 cross-contamination and off-flavor contamination. If any of our
 products were to be tampered with, or become tainted in any of
 these respects and we were unable to detect this prior to
 shipment, our products could be subject to a recall. Our ability
 to sell products could be reduced if governmental agencies
 conclude that our products have been tampered with, or that
 certain pesticides, herbicides or other chemicals used by
 growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or
 that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other
 agents. A significant product recall could cause our products to
 be unavailable for a period of time and reduce our sales.
 Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence
 in our products and also reduce our sales. Product liability
 claims and product recalls could increase our expenses and have
 a material adverse effect on demand for our products and,
 consequently, reduce our sales, net income and liquidity. Our raw
 materials are subject to fluctuations in availability and
 price. The availability, size, quality and cost of raw materials for
 the production of our products, including walnuts, pecans,
 peanuts, cashews, almonds and other nuts, are subject to risks
 inherent to farming, such as crop size, quality, and yield
 fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions, pest
 and disease problems, and other factors beyond our control. Nut
 market prices fluctuate based on supply and demand. Worldwide
 demand for nuts has been increasing, and if the supply of nuts
 does not expand to meet demand, our costs will increase. Supply
 shortages and resulting price increases could adversely impact
 our profitability. High prices might dampen growth of consumer
 demand for nuts. Currently, we do not hedge against changes in
 nut commodity prices. Because walnuts currently represent
 approximately 65% of our gross sales, we are particularly
 vulnerable to crop disasters or other events that could cause
 significant fluctuations in the availability and cost of walnuts. We receive our walnut crop each Fall, and process and sell the
 crop over the next 12 to 15 months. We start each Fall with
 a large inventory of walnuts, which diminishes as we process and
 sell the crop. If there is a decline in the market price of
 walnuts, a significant portion of our inventories could decline
 in value, and this might result in a write-down of inventory.
 Our inventories of other nuts are also substantial. Any
 write-down of inventory would adversely impact our operating
 results. We face
 intense competition from national and regional competitors and
 snack food industry competitors that could negatively affect our
 results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment. In general,
 competition in our markets is based on product quality, price,
 brand recognition, and brand loyalty. Our products compete
 against food and snack products sold by many regional and
 national companies, some of which are substantially larger and
 have greater resources. We also compete for shelf space in
 retail grocery, convenience, drug, mass merchandiser, and club
 stores. As these retailers consolidate, the number of customers
 and potential customers declines and the purchasing power of the
 consolidated retailers increases. As a result, there is also
 greater pressure to manage distribution capabilities in ways
 that increase efficiency for these large retailers, especially
 on a national scale. Our competitors with greater resources may
 be in a better position to meet these requirements. If we cannot
 improve our national distribution capabilities, we might not be
 able to compete effectively and our sales may decline. 8 Table of Contents With the launch of our Emerald brand snack product line, we
 entered the highly competitive snack food industry. Some
 channels through which we sell our Emerald products, such as
 drug and convenience stores, are different than those that we
 typically use for culinary and in-shell products, and we have
 less experience in these channels than our competitors. Our
 principal competitors in the snack industry have substantial
 financial, marketing and other resources. If our competitors
 lower their prices or increase their promotional spending, or we
 are unable to compete effectively, our growth opportunities,
 margins and profitability may decline. Sales to
 our top customer represented approximately 20% of our net sales.
 The loss of any major customer could adversely impact our
 business. We depend on a few significant customers for a large proportion
 of our net sales. This concentration has become more pronounced
 with the trend toward consolidation in the retail grocery store
 industry. Sales to SAM’s Club and Wal-Mart represented
 approximately 19% of total net sales for the year ended
 July 31, 2006. The loss of a significant customer or a
 material decrease in purchases could result in decreased sales
 and adversely impact our net income. Because
 we experience seasonal fluctuations in our sales, our quarterly
 results will fluctuate and our annual performance will depend
 largely on results from two quarters. Our business is highly seasonal, reflecting the general pattern
 of peak consumer demand for nut products during the months of
 September, October, November, and December. Typically, a
 substantial portion of our revenues are earned during our first
 and second fiscal quarters. We generally experience lower
 revenues during our third and fourth fiscal quarters and in the
 future may incur losses in these quarters. Sales in the first
 and second fiscal quarters accounted for approximately 63.3% of
 our revenues for the year ended July 31, 2006. If sales in
 these quarters are lower than expected, our operating results
 would be adversely affected, and it would have a
 disproportionately large impact on our annual operating results. Changes
 in the food industry, including changing dietary trends and
 consumer preferences, could reduce demand for our
 products. Consumer tastes can change rapidly due to many factors,
 including shifting consumer preferences, dietary trends, and
 purchasing patterns. Our growth is largely dependent on the
 snack industry, where consumer preferences are particularly unpredictable. If we fail to anticipate,
 identify or react to these changes, demand for our products
 could decline, which would in turn cause our revenue and
 profitability to be lower. Developments
 in the walnut industry could threaten our position in the
 industry. Advances in walnut shelling and processing equipment have
 recently made it possible for large growers with consistent
 supplies of easy-to-crack varieties of walnuts to shell their own walnuts and compete
 directly with us in the ingredient products segment. In the
 future, these growers could have lower processing costs than we
 do. In order to compete effectively in the ingredient market, we
 will need to develop strategies for responding to these market
 developments. If we are unable to respond effectively to this
 change, our sales and profits could be impaired. We depend
 on our key personnel and if we lose the services of any of these
 individuals, or fail to attract and retain additional key
 personnel, we will not be able to implement our business
 strategy or operate our business effectively. Our future success largely depends on the contributions of our
 senior operating management team. We believe that the expertise
 and knowledge of these individuals about our industry, and their
 respective fields, are critical factors to our continued growth
 and success. We do not have key person insurance. The loss of
 the services of any of these individuals could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and prospects. Our success also
 depends upon our ability to attract and retain additional
 qualified marketing, technical, and other personnel. The
 Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and
 Response Act of 2002 could disrupt our supply of imported
 nuts. The Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and
 Response Act of 2002, which we refer to as the Bioterrorism Act,
 includes a number of provisions designed to help guard against
 the threat of bioterrorism, including new authority for the
 Secretary of Health and Human Services to take action to protect
 the nation’s food 9 Table of Contents supply against the threat of intentional contamination. The
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, is responsible
 for developing and implementing these food safety measures. The
 FDA has been in the process of issuing new rules, and the
 uncertainty of the content of these rules makes it difficult for
 us to predict what impact they might have on our business. The
 potential actions that may be taken by the federal government
 under the Bioterrorism Act and related rules may have a material
 adverse effect on our business by limiting our supply of or
 increasing prices for cashews and other imported nuts. In
 addition, the Bioterrorism Act and related rules may also result
 in higher costs for plant security and product safety, and
 create additional costs associated with the new regulatory
 requirements. If we are unable to pass these higher costs on to
 our customers, our results of operations and financial condition
 may be adversely affected. Government
 regulation could increase our costs of production and increase
 our legal and regulatory expenditures. We are subject to extensive regulation by government agencies.
 Among other things, these regulations govern the manufacturing,
 importation, processing, packaging, storage, distribution, and
 labeling of our products. We are also subject to environmental
 regulations governing the discharge of air emissions, water and
 food waste, and the generation, handling, storage,
 transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. New
 or amended statutes and regulations, increased production at our
 existing facilities, and our expansion into new operations and
 jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and permits
 and could require us to change our methods of operations at
 costs that could be substantial. For example, we currently
 fumigate walnuts with methyl bromide to control pest
 infestations during the transport and storage of walnuts. A
 recent amendment to the Clean Air Act requires the use of methyl
 bromide for pest control to be phased out. We have obtained a
 temporary exemption from the phase out of methyl bromide, but we
 may not be able to maintain the exemption in the future. The
 currently available alternatives to methyl bromide are more
 expensive than methyl bromide and are less effective at
 controlling pest infestations. As a result, if we are unable to
 continue to use methyl bromide, our costs would increase,
 shipments of our products could be delayed and we may suffer
 pest infestations that could harm the nuts we use in our
 products. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 could subject us to civil remedies, including fines,
 injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as possible criminal
 sanctions, all of which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business. We are
 subject to risks of doing business internationally. We conduct a substantial amount of business with vendors and
 customers located outside the United States. During 2006, sales
 outside the United States, primarily in Germany, Japan, Spain
 and Italy, accounted for approximately 28% of our net sales. Our
 international operations are subject to a number of inherent
 risks, including: • | local economic and political conditions, including disruptions in trading markets;
• | restrictive foreign governmental actions, including restrictions on transfers of funds and trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and customs duties and tariffs;
• | changes in legal or regulatory requirements affecting foreign investment, loans, taxes, imports, and exports;
• | currency exchange rate fluctuations which, depending upon the nature of the changes, may make our finished products more expensive compared to foreign grown products or may increase our cost of obtaining foreign-sourced raw materials; and
• | earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or other major disasters may limit the supply of nuts that we purchase abroad. Any of these international business risks could have a material
 and adverse effect on our operating results. Increased
 costs associated with product processing and transportation,
 such as water, electricity, natural gas and fuel, could increase
 our expenses and reduce our profitability. We require a substantial amount of energy and water to process
 our nuts. Also, transportation costs represent a significant
 portion of the cost of our products, as we deliver our products
 and receive our raw materials via third party truck and rail
 companies. The prices of energy, water, and transportation costs
 such as fuel prices and labor costs, fluctuate significantly
 over time. We may not be able to pass on increased costs of
 production or transportation to our customers. In addition, from
 time to time, transportation service providers have a backlog 10 Table of Contents of shipping requests, which could impact our ability to ship
 products in a timely fashion. Increases in the cost of water,
 electricity, natural gas, fuel or labor, and failure to ship
 products on time, could substantially harm our business and
 results of operations. A
 disruption at any of our production facilities would
 significantly decrease production, which could increase our cost
 of sales and reduce our income from operations. A temporary or extended interruption in operations at any of our
 facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties,
 destruction or damage from fire or earthquake, infrastructure
 failures such as power or water shortages or any other reason,
 whether or not covered by insurance, could interrupt our
 manufacturing operations, disrupt communications with our
 customers and suppliers and cause us to write off inventory and
 to lose sales. These risks to our business are particularly
 acute with respect to our Stockton, California facility, where
 we produced products accounting for over 80% of our net sales
 for 2006. Further, current and potential customers might not
 purchase our products if they perceive our lack of an alternate
 manufacturing facility to be a risk to their continuing source
 of products. The
 acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to our
 profitability. We intend to review acquisition prospects that we believe would
 complement our existing business. Future acquisitions could
 result in accounting charges, potentially dilutive issuances of
 equity securities, and increased debt and contingent
 liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect
 on our business and the market price of our common stock.
 Acquisitions entail many risks, including the integration of the
 acquired operations, diversion of management’s attention,
 risks of entering markets in which we have limited prior
 experience, and the potential loss of key employees of acquired
 organizations. We may be unable to integrate successfully
 businesses or the personnel of any business that might be
 acquired in the future, and our failure to do so could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and on the market price
 of our common stock. We
 recently acquired certain net assets from Harmony Foods
 Corporation, and it is difficult to determine what the impact of
 the acquisition on our financial results will be. We completed our acquisition of certain net assets from Harmony
 Foods Corporation on May 9, 2006, so we have only a very
 limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our
 combined business and prospects. In addition, we may experience
 difficulties integrating the personnel, products, technologies
 and operations of the Harmony business. Our future success will
 depend on many factors that are not under our control, such as
 the following: • | successful integration of Harmony products and personnel with our offerings and business;
• | growth in demand for the Harmony products;
• | consolidating our Lemont, Illinois operations with operations in Fishers, Indiana;
• | assimilating acquired assets and operations into our existing operations infrastructure; and
• | improving profitability of Harmony operations. Our
 business could be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain
 satisfactory labor relations. The success of our business depends substantially upon our
 ability to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees.
 The production and distribution employees working in our
 Stockton, California plant, who represent approximately 70% of
 our year-round work force, are members of the International
 Brotherhood of Teamsters. If a work stoppage or slow down were
 to occur under our collective bargaining agreement, in
 connection with the negotiation of a new contract in March 2010
 or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and disrupt
 our operations. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments None 11 Table of Contents Item 2. | Properties We own our facility located on 70 acres in Stockton,
 California. This facility consists of approximately
 635,000 square feet of office and production space and
 120,000 square feet of refrigerated storage space. We lease
 an office facility in San Francisco, California. Two other
 production facilities are located in Robertsdale, Alabama and
 Fishers, Indiana. During the fourth quarter of 2006, we ceased
 operating our facility in Lemont, Illinois and subsequently
 transferred the equipment located there to Stockton, California
 and Fishers, Indiana. The Robertsdale facility is owned by us
 and consists of approximately 55,000 square feet of office
 and production space and 15,000 square feet of refrigerated
 storage space. The Fishers facility is leased and consists of
 approximately 117,000 square feet of office and production
 space and 60,000 square feet of warehouse/storage space.
 The leases on the Fishers facility are noncancellable operating
 leases which expire through 2019. We also lease warehousing facilities in California, Florida,
 Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey,
 Pennsylvania, Texas and Wisconsin. We believe that our
 facilities are generally well maintained and are in good
 operating condition, and will be adequate for our needs for the
 foreseeable future. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings We are the subject of various legal actions in the ordinary
 course of our business. All such matters are subject to many
 uncertainties that make their outcomes unpredictable. On
 February 3, 2006, PG&E filed a complaint in
 San Francisco County Superior Court alleging, among other
 things, breach of contract as a result of the our decision to
 cease operating our cogeneration facility. PG&E’s
 complaint seeks payment of approximately $1.4 million from
 us plus interest under the contract’s termination
 provisions as well as PG&E’s costs for the lawsuit. We
 believe that the termination payment provision constitutes an
 unenforceable penalty and intend to vigorously defend ourselves
 against PG&E’s lawsuit. We believe that any additional
 liability in excess of amounts recorded, resulting from the
 eventual outcome of this matter will not be material to our
 financial condition or operating results. Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders None PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq National Market on
 July 21, 2005 under the symbol “DMND”. Prior to
 that date, there was not a public market for our common stock.
 On July 3, 2006 our common stock began to trade on the
 NASDAQ Global Select Market. The following table sets forth for
 the periods indicated the high and low sales prices of our
 common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and quarterly cash
 dividends declared on common shares: Dividends
High | Low | Declared
Year Ended July 31, 2006:
Fourth Quarter | $ | 20.04 | $ | 13.85 | $ | 0.03
Third Quarter | $ | 21.80 | $ | 16.52 | $ | 0.03
Second Quarter | $ | 22.00 | $ | 15.45 | $ | 0.03
First Quarter | $ | 22.54 | $ | 16.01 | $ | —
Year Ended July 31, 2005
Fourth Quarter | $ | 23.15 | $ | 20.50 | $ | — One of the Company’s credit agreements specifies certain
 limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared or
 paid in a fiscal year. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. As of August 31, 2006, we had approximately 2,242 holders
 of record of our common stock, although we believe that there
 are a larger number of beneficial owners. 12 Table of Contents Item 6. | Selected Financial Data The following table sets forth selected financial data for each
 of the fiscal years in the five year period ended July 31,
 2006: Years Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002
(In thousands, except per share information)
Statements of operations (2006)/ net proceeds data(1):
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683 | $ | 308,450 | $ | 282,158
Patronage inventory at beginning of period | — | (101,403 | ) | (94,701 | ) | (96,508 | ) | (68,377 | )
Patronage inventory at end of period | — | 67,152 | 101,403 | 94,701 | 96,508
Net sales (2006)/Gross marketing pool proceeds | 477,205 | 428,297 | 366,385 | 306,643 | 310,289
Total cost of sales | 411,809 | 191,387 | 142,592 | 111,483 | 98,495
Gross Margin(2006)/Proceeds before operating expenses | 65,396 | 236,910 | 223,793 | 195,160 | 211,794
Operating expenses:
Selling general and administrative | 37,046 | 33,188 | 28,169 | 26,937 | 26,317
Advertising | 17,977 | 22,153 | 14,673 | 8,744 | 9,105
Other operating expenses | 3,442 | — | — | — | —
Total operating expenses | 58,465 | 55,341 | 42,842 | 35,681 | 35,422
Income from operations (2006) /Operating proceeds | 6,931 | 181,569 | 180,951 | 159,479 | 176,372
Interest, net | 295 | 4,433 | 3,403 | 3,282 | 3,353
Conversion costs | — | 697 | — | — | —
Early extinguishment of debt | — | 2,028 | — | — | —
Other | 310 | — | — | — | —
Proceeds before income taxes | 6,326 | 174,411 | 177,548 | 156,197 | 173,019
Income tax expense (benefit) | (1,010 | ) | (8,385 | ) | (43 | ) | 1,526 | 1,396
Net income (2006)/Net proceeds | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796 | $ | 177,591 | $ | 154,671 | $ | 171,623
Earnings per share
Basic | $ | 0.47 | — | — | — | —
Diluted | $ | 0.47 | — | — | — | —
Shares used to compute earnings per share
Basic | 15,634 | — | — | — | —
Diluted | 15,653 | — | — | — | — Years Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002
(In thousands)
Balance sheet data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 35,614 | $ | 49,035 | $ | 780 | $ | 306 | $ | 190
Working capital | 87,689 | 89,022 | 72,556 | 56,343 | 72,111
Total assets | 253,032 | 252,028 | 205,895 | 172,168 | 167,164
Total debt, including short-term debt | 20,000 | 22,119 | 79,756 | 61,239 | 61,150
Total members’/stockholders’ equity | 110,826 | 99,462 | 59,214 | 44,216 | 48,204 13 Table of Contents Years Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003 | 2002
Other data (Unaudited):
Walnuts sales as a percentage of total gross sales | 64.7 | % | 68.7 | % | 70.6 | % | 74.1 | % | 76.6 | % (1) | As an agricultural cooperative association, we derived revenues from our patronage business, which consisted of processing and marketing walnuts on behalf of Diamond members; and our non-patronage business, which consisted of purchasing, processing and marketing nut varieties other than walnuts. Our financial statements prior to fiscal year 2006 included statements of net proceeds prepared in accordance with GAAP for agricultural cooperative associations, rather than statements of operations. Net proceeds are amounts distributable to member growers from the patronage business. Net proceeds also include net income or loss from non-patronage business. Net proceeds do not include walnut acquisition costs. Effective August 1, 2005, our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for companies that are not cooperative associations. We were not a public company during fiscal years prior to 2006, thus no earnings per share data is presented for those years. Also see Note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements. Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary We are a branded food company specializing in processing,
 marketing and distributing culinary, in-shell and ingredient
 nuts and snack products. Our company was founded in 1912 and has
 a strong heritage in the walnut market under the Diamond of
 California brand. On July 26, 2005 we converted from an
 agricultural cooperative association to a Delaware corporation
 and completed the initial public offering of our common stock.
 As a public company, our focus will be on building stockholder
 value. We intend to expand our existing business, and to
 continue to introduce higher-value branded products in our
 culinary and snack businesses, including snack products marketed
 under our Emerald and Harmony brand names. Our products are sold
 in over 60,000 retail locations in the United States and in over
 100 countries. We sell products to approximately 900 customers,
 including over 150 international customers. In general, we
 sell directly to retailers, particularly large, national grocery
 store and drug store chains, and indirectly through wholesale
 distributors who serve independent and small regional retail
 grocery store chains and convenience stores. We also sell our
 products to mass merchandisers, club stores, convenience stores,
 and through other retail channels. Our business is seasonal. Demand for nut products, particularly
 in-shell nuts and to a lesser extent, culinary nuts, is highest
 during the months of October, November and December. We receive
 our principal raw material, walnuts, during the period from
 September to November and process it throughout the year. As a
 result of this seasonality, our personnel and working capital
 requirements and walnut inventories peak during the last quarter
 of the calendar year. This seasonality also impacts capacity
 utilization at our facilities, which routinely operate at
 capacity for the last four months of the calendar year. A disproportionate amount of our net sales and related net
 income (net proceeds prior to the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2006) are recognized in the first half of our
 fiscal year. For example, net sales in the first half of 2006
 and 2005 were 63.3% and 61.7% of net sales for each full fiscal
 year. In the near term, we expect a higher percentage of our net
 income to be earned in the first half of our fiscal year because
 many of our operating costs are fixed and cannot be reduced when
 net sales are lower quarter to quarter. However, as we continue
 to introduce new products, such as snack products, we expect net
 sales, and related net income, to be less seasonal. The historical financial information contained herein for fiscal
 years prior to 2006 have been derived from financial statements
 prepared in accordance with GAAP for agricultural cooperative
 associations. Effective August 1, 2005, our financial
 statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for
 companies that are not cooperative associations. The principal
 difference relates to accounting for walnut inventories. As an
 agricultural cooperative association, crop year pools were
 established for members’ walnuts. In addition, net
 patronage proceeds or losses from the sale of walnuts were
 allocated to members by crop year pool. Payments to members were
 specifically identified as to crop year pool. 14 Table of Contents Furthermore, as an agricultural cooperative association we used
 the net realizable value, or NRV, method to value walnut
 inventories delivered by members. NRV is the estimated sales
 price of inventories less estimated completion, distribution and
 selling costs. As a result of crop pool accounting and the NRV
 method of valuing inventories, our financial statements prior to
 August 1, 2005 do not include a cost of goods sold for
 walnuts received from members. Effective August 1, 2005, we
 were not eligible to use crop year pool accounting and NRV;
 therefore, we now account for purchases of walnuts from growers
 on a lower of cost or market basis. Consequently, the results of
 operations reported subsequent to fiscal year 2005 will be
 significantly different than net proceeds reported in fiscal
 year 2005 and prior. Critical
 Accounting Policies Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
 us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
 amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. We
 base our estimates on historical experience and various other
 assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates. Our critical accounting
 policies are set forth below. Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue when
 a persuasive arrangement exists, title has transferred (based
 upon terms of shipment), price is fixed, delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates, introductory or slotting payments, coupons, promotion
 and marketing allowances. Customers have the right to return
 certain products. These product returns are estimated based upon
 historical results and reflected as a reduction in net sales. Inventories. Effective August 1, 2005,
 all inventories are accounted for on a lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market basis. Prior to that date, as a cooperative
 association, we recorded walnut inventories acquired from
 members at estimated net realizable value (estimated sales price
 less estimated completion, distribution and selling costs). We
 estimated sales prices and costs based on historical experience
 and other assumptions that we believed were reasonable. Actual
 results could have differed materially from these estimates. All
 other inventories were stated at the lower of cost (first in,
 first out) or market. In connection with our July 2005 initial public offering, we
 entered into long-term Walnut Purchase Agreements with
 substantially all of our former member growers. Under these
 agreements, growers will deliver their entire walnut crop to us
 during the Fall harvest season and we will announce a purchase
 price for this inventory by March 31 of the following year.
 This purchase price will be a market-based price determined by
 Diamond in good faith, taking into account market conditions,
 crop size, quality, and varieties, among other relevant factors.
 Since the ultimate price to be paid will be determined each
 March subsequent to receiving the walnut crop, management must
 make an estimate of this price for the first and second quarter
 interim financial statements. These estimates are subject to
 change and such changes, if any, could be material. We
 determined the purchase price for the 2005 crop in March 2006.
 This determination had no material impact on previously reported
 quarterly results. Valuation of Long-lived and Intangible Assets and
 Goodwill. We periodically review long-lived
 assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment
 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (SFAS) No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-lived Assets.” Goodwill is periodically
 reviewed for impairment in accordance with
 SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible
 Assets.” For assets to be held and used, including acquired intangibles,
 we initiate our review whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of intangible
 assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is
 measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected
 future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to
 generate. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the
 amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its
 fair market value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process. Prior to the acquisition of certain net assets of Harmony Foods
 Corporation on May 9, 2006, we had no recorded goodwill.
 Since goodwill associated with Harmony was not recognized until
 the fourth quarter of 2006, we concluded that there was no
 impairment of our goodwill since the acquisition. In the future,
 we will perform the 15 Table of Contents annual impairment test required by SFAS No. 142 in the
 fourth quarter of each year. We cannot assure you that a
 material impairment charge will not be recorded in the future. Employee Benefits. We incur various
 employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified and
 nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans.
 Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value
 certain liabilities, assumed rates of return on assets in the
 plans, compensation increases, employee turnover and mortality
 rates. We utilize a third-party actuarial firm to assist us in
 determining appropriate assumptions and plan valuations.
 Different assumptions could result in the recognition of
 differing amounts of expense over different periods of time. Income Taxes. We account for income taxes in
 accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for
 Income Taxes” , which requires that deferred tax assets
 and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary
 differences between the financial statement and tax basis of
 recorded assets and liabilities at current tax rates.
 SFAS No. 109 also requires that deferred tax assets be
 reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not
 that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on
 both our historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation
 allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that
 amounts will not be recovered. Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation. Beginning in fiscal year 2006, we
 began accounting for stock-based compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) “Share-Based Payment” . Under
 SFAS No. 123(R), compensation cost is established by
 determining the fair value of the option on the date of grant.
 The compensation cost is then amortized straight-line over the
 vesting period. We use the Black Scholes option pricing model to
 determine the fair value of the stock options at the date of
 grant. This model requires us to make assumptions such as
 expected term, volatility and forfeiture rates that determine
 the stock options fair value. These key assumptions are based on
 historical information and judgment regarding market factors and
 trends. If actual results are not consistent with our
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors, we
 may be required to increase or decrease compensation expense or
 income tax expense, which could be material to our results of
 operations. We also account for restricted stock grants under
 SFAS No. 123(R). Supplemental
 and Non-GAAP Financial Information The following supplemental and non-GAAP financial information
 excludes a one-time charge to cost of sales in the first quarter
 of fiscal 2006 as a result of the conversion from a cooperative
 to a public company in July 2005. This charge relates to the use
 of net realizable value (NRV) accounting for certain inventories
 acquired prior to August 1, 2005. Starting August 1,
 2005 we began using the lower of cost or market method of
 valuing walnut inventories acquired subsequent to that date. As
 a result of using NRV accounting for certain inventories through
 July 31, 2005, these inventories were valued higher than
 they would have been under the lower of cost or market method.
 Therefore, as those inventories were sold, the amount charged to
 cost of goods sold was higher. Beginning August 1, 2005, our cost basis for walnuts is the
 price we pay for them. For the years ended July 31, 2005
 and 2004, estimated walnut acquisition costs, is presented on a
 supplemental basis for purposes of comparability of our
 financial results to the year ended July 31, 2006.
 Estimated walnut acquisition costs are based on the “field
 price” reported by the California Statistical Office of the
 USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service, or CASS, for each
 related crop year. We believe this information is the only
 available measure of industry-wide walnut acquisition costs. We
 cannot determine an actual cost basis for walnuts acquired and
 sold in historical periods. In addition, we: • | are unable to determine retroactively what we would have paid for walnuts in prior years had we not been a cooperative;
• | are unable to determine whether what we would have paid for walnuts would approximate amounts paid to other growers by other processors as reflected in the CASS statistics;
• | are limited by the level of detail provided by the CASS statistics; and
• | cannot ensure that the cost of sales amounts implied by the CASS statistics are representative of future cost of sales amounts. We have not undertaken any effort to validate the accuracy of
 the CASS statistics. 16 Table of Contents The non-GAAP financial information for 2006 also excludes the
 effects of stock based compensation and other operating expenses. Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004
(Unaudited)
(in thousands)
Net sales and other revenue | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683
Cost of sales | 409,039 | 413,750 | 303,518
Gross margin | 68,166 | 48,798 | 56,165
Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative | 33,054 | 33,188 | 28,169
Advertising | 17,977 | 22,153 | 14,673
Total operating expenses | 51,031 | 55,341 | 42,842
Operating income (loss) | 17,135 | (6,543 | ) | 13,323
Interest expense, net | 295 | 4,433 | 3,403
Other expenses | 310 | 2,725 | —
Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) | $ | 16,530 | $ | (13,701 | ) | $ | 9,920 17 Table of Contents A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP and supplemental
 information (in thousands) is as follows: 2006 | 2005 | 2004
GAAP cost of sales | $ | 411,809 | $ | 191,387 | $ | 142,592
Adjustment to remove one time impact of accounting for certain inventories on NRV basis | (2,770 | ) | —
Adjustment to convert walnut inventories from crop year pool and NRV accounting to cost basis accounting and to record estimated walnut cost of goods sold | — | 222,363 | 160,926
Non-GAAP/supplemental cost of sales | $ | 409,039 | $ | 413,750 | $ | 303,518
GAAP selling, general and administrative expense | $ | 37,046
Adjustment for stock based compensation | (3,992 | )
Non-GAAP selling, general and administrative expense | $ | 33,054
GAAP other operating expenses | $ | 3,442
Adjustment to remove restructuring, contract termination costs and expenses related to income tax credit | (3,442 | )
Non-GAAP other operating expenses | $ | —
GAAP income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) | $ | 6,326
Adjustment for stock based compensation | 3,992
Adjustment to remove one time impact of accounting for certain inventories on NRV basis | 2,770
Adjustment to remove restructuring, contract termination costs and expenses related to income tax credit and other adjustments | 3,442
Non-GAAP income before income tax expense (benefit) | 16,530
GAAP income tax expense (benefit) | (1,010 | )
Adjustment to reflect tax effect of Non-GAAP adjustments | 4,286
Adjustment to remove benefit of one time income tax credits and other adjustments | 3,667
Non-GAAP income tax expense | 6,943
Non-GAAP net income | $ | 9,587 About our
 supplemental and non-GAAP Financial Measures This Form 10-K contains supplemental and non-GAAP financial
 measures of our performance (“non-GAAP measures”) for
 different periods. Non-GAAP measures should not be considered as
 a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with
 GAAP. Our non-GAAP measures do not reflect a comprehensive
 system of accounting, and differ both from GAAP financial
 measures and from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. We
 urge investors to review our reconciliation of non-GAAP measures
 to GAAP financial measures, and our financial statements to
 evaluate our business. We believe that our non-GAAP measures provide meaningful
 information regarding operating results because they exclude
 amounts that we exclude when monitoring operating results and
 assessing performance of the business. We believe that our
 non-GAAP measures also facilitate comparison of results for
 current periods and business outlook for future periods. Our
 non-GAAP measures include the following adjustments: • | We exclude share-based compensation expense, including expense for stock options under SFAS No. 123(R) primarily because they are non-cash expenses that we do not consider part of ongoing operating results when assessing the performance of the business, and excluding these expenses facilitates comparison of results for 18 Table of Contents fiscal 2006 to prior periods. We believe that because share-based compensation is non-cash in nature, excluding these amounts from non-GAAP measures provides a more focused view of the business operations and improves comparability across periods. Share-based compensation is difficult to forecast, because the magnitude of the charge depends upon the volume and timing of equity grants — which are unpredictable and can vary dramatically from period to period — and other factors such as interest rates, the trading price and volatility of our common stock and employee terminations. • | We exclude a one-time charge that we incurred in connection with our conversion. As an agricultural cooperative association, we were required to use net realizable value (NRV) accounting for certain inventories; as a for-profit corporation, we are required to use the lower of cost or market method to value all inventories. As a result of using NRV accounting, certain inventories were valued higher than they would have been under the lower of cost or market method. Therefore, as these inventories were sold, the amount charged to cost of goods sold was higher. We excluded this charge because it is non-recurring and is not indicative of ongoing operations.
• | We exclude the following other operating expenses: 1) restructuring expenses which are principally related to the closure of our Lemont facility and the costs incurred to consolidate operations in our Fishers facility; 2) the estimated costs of terminating two contracts, one with PG&E associated with our cogeneration plant and one associated with a former distributor for Germany; and 3) the professional service fees associated with the California Enterprise Zone tax credits for years prior to 2006 discussed below. Our management believes it is useful to investors to exclude these amounts since they are non-recurring in nature and are not reflective of the operating results of Diamond on an on-going basis.
• | We exclude the income tax benefit associated with California Enterprise Zone tax credits for years prior to 2006 amounting to approximately $5.8 million ($3.8 million net of Federal income tax impact) since these credits have a one time impact. Our management believes its on-going effective tax rate will be approximately 42% and reflects such tax rate in its non-GAAP financial information.
• | We include the estimated cost of walnuts received from members in 2005 and 2004. Our management believes that information is useful to investors because our financial statements for periods prior to July 31, 2005 did not include walnut acquisition costs which are now included in our financial statements. Accordingly, gross margins after this date are materially different than those reported in the historical cooperative financial statements. Our management uses non-GAAP measures in internal reports used
 to monitor and make decisions about our business, such as
 monthly financial reports prepared for management. The principal
 limitation of the non-GAAP measures is that they exclude
 significant expenses required under GAAP. They also reflect the
 exercise of management’s judgments about which adjustments
 are appropriately made to be non-GAAP measures. To mitigate this
 limitation, we present the non- GAAP measures in connection with
 GAAP results, and recommend that investors do not give undue
 weight to them. We believe that non-GAAP measures provide useful
 information to investors by allowing them to view the business
 through the eyes of management, facilitating comparison of
 results across historical and future periods, and providing a
 focus on the underlying operating performance of the business. Results
 of Operations 2006
 Compared to 2005 Net sales were $477.2 million and $462.5 million for
 the years ended July 31, 2006 and 2005. The increase in net
 sales was primarily due to higher prices and to sales from the
 acquired Harmony business, partially offset by lower volume.
 Volume decreased from 225.7 million pounds sold in 2005 to
 190.4 million pounds sold in 2006 (excluding Harmony
 products). The increase in prices reflected higher commodity
 costs for raw materials, which we were able to pass on, in part,
 to consumers. This higher pricing was principally for walnuts,
 pecans and almonds 19 Table of Contents in the North American Retail channel, shelled walnuts in the
 North American Ingredient/Food Service channel and in-shell and
 shelled walnuts in the International channel. Net sales by channel (in thousands): % Change from
2006 | 2005 | 2005 to 2006
North American Retail (1) | $ | 274,879 | $ | 228,522 | 20.3 | %
International | 114,781 | 122,514 | (6.3 | )
North American Ingredient/Food Service | 84,475 | 107,029 | (21.1 | )
Other | 3,070 | 4,483 | (31.5 | )
Total | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | 3.2 | % (1) | North American Retail represents sales of our culinary, snack and in-shell nuts in North America. The increase in North American Retail sales reflects the
 expansion of our Emerald brand snack products, sales of which
 were $34.1 million in 2006 compared to $21.6 million
 in 2005, sales of approximately $6.7 million of Harmony
 products, price increases on various products, and increased
 volume for culinary products, particularly in the mass
 merchandisers and club channels. International and
 ingredient/food service sales decreased as a result of less
 product available to sell due to lower ending inventory at
 July 31, 2005. The decline in volume was partially offset
 by higher pricing. Sales of walnuts and other nuts as a percentage of gross sales
 were as follows: 2006 | 2005
Walnuts | 64.7 | % | 68.7 | %
Other nuts | 35.3 | % | 31.3 | %
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % Gross Margin. Gross margin was 13.7% for the
 year-ended July 31, 2006. This percentage included a
 one-time charge to cost of sales as described above. Excluding
 such charge, on a non-GAAP and supplemental basis as described
 above, gross margin for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005 were 14.3% and 10.6%, respectively. Selling, General and Administrative. Selling,
 general and administrative expenses consist principally of
 salaries (including stock-based compensation) and benefits for
 sales and administrative personnel, brokerage, professional
 services, travel and non-manufacturing depreciation and facility
 costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 $37.0 million and $33.2 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2006 and 2005. Selling, general and administrative
 expenses for the year ended July 31, 2006 included
 stock-based compensation charges of $4.0 million. There was
 no such charge in 2005. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
 net sales were 7.8% and 7.2% for the years ended July 31,
 2006 and 2005. Advertising. Advertising expense was $18.0 and
 $22.2 million for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005. The change related principally to the timing of certain
 advertising programs and to initial Emerald advertising
 associated with its national launch in 2005. Other operating expenses. Other operating
 expenses totaled $3.4 million in 2006 and consist of
 1) restructuring expenses of $1.0 million principally
 related to the closure of our Lemont facility and the
 consolidation of operations in our Fishers’ facility;
 2) costs related to terminating two contracts of
 $1.4 million, one with PG&E associated with our
 cogeneration plant and one associated with a former distributor
 for Germany; and 3) professional service fees of
 $1.0 million related to the identification of California
 Enterprise Zone tax credits as described in the income tax
 benefit section below. Interest. Net interest expense was
 $0.3 million and $4.4 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2006 and 2005. This decrease reflected lower
 borrowings due to repayment of indebtedness and utilization of
 cash from the July 2005 initial public offering to fund working
 capital requirements. 20 Table of Contents Income Taxes. Income tax benefit was $1.0 and
 $8.4 million for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005. The 2006 income tax benefit includes approximately
 $3.8 million (net of federal income tax impact) of
 California Enterprise Zone tax credits for years prior to 2006.
 Without such benefit, the effective tax rate would have been
 42%. As an agricultural cooperative association in 2005, income
 taxes were not provided on patronage net proceeds. Income taxes
 were provided based on the pre-tax income of our non-patronage
 business. The benefit in the year ended July 31, 2005 arose
 from the loss before income taxes of the non-patronage business
 and from establishing certain net deferred tax assets related to
 the former patronage business as a result of the conversion.
 Effective August 1, 2005, all of our business activities
 are taxable under provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and
 certain state tax laws. Income tax expense for 2007 is expected
 to be approximately 42% of pre-tax income. 2005
 Compared to 2004 Net sales were $462.5 million and $359.7 million for
 the years ended July 31, 2005 and 2004. The increase in net
 sales was due to increased volume and higher prices. The
 increase in prices reflected higher commodity costs for raw
 materials, which we were able to pass on, in part, to consumers.
 This higher pricing was principally for walnuts, pecans and
 almonds in the North American Retail channel, shelled walnuts in
 the North American Ingredient/Food Service channel and in-shell
 and shelled walnuts in the International channel. Volume, in
 total pounds sold, increased from 197.6 million in 2004 to
 225.7 million in 2005, an increase of 14.2%. Net sales by
 channel (in thousands): % Change from
2005 | 2004 | 2004 to 2005
North American Retail(1) | $ | 228,522 | $ | 187,451 | 21.9 | %
International | 122,514 | 96,312 | 27.2 | %
North American Ingredient/Food Service | 107,029 | 70,991 | 50.8 | %
Other | 4,483 | 4,929 | (9.0 | )%
Total | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683 | 28.6 | % (1) | North American Retail represents sales of our culinary, snack and in-shell nuts in North America. The increase in North American Retail sales resulted from the
 national launch of our Emerald brand snack nut products, sales
 of which were $21.6 million in 2005 compared to
 $7.1 million in 2004, price increases on various products,
 reflecting increased commodity costs, and increased volume for
 culinary products, particularly in the mass merchandisers
 channel. This increase in net sales was partially offset by an
 increase in introductory payments of $4.6 million for our
 snack nut products compared to the prior year. International
 sales increased as a result of expanded distribution of walnuts
 into the German retail markets and increased demand from
 existing customers in Korea in the bakery and confectionary
 markets. North American Ingredient sales increased due to
 increased shipments to the USDA school lunch program, volume
 increases in the baking and food service channels as the rising
 prices of other nuts made walnuts more attractive to these
 customers and initial shipments to a major restaurant chain for
 its new product launch. Sales of walnuts and other nuts as a percentage of total gross
 sales were: 2005 | 2004
Walnuts | 68.7 | % | 70.6 | %
Other nuts | 31.3 | % | 29.4 | %
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % Proceeds Before Operating Expenses. Proceeds
 before operating expenses were $236.9 million and
 $223.8 million for the years ended July 31, 2005 and
 2004. The principal reason for the increase was the growth in
 net sales offset by higher costs of nuts other than walnuts. Selling, General and Administrative. Selling,
 general and administrative expenses were $33.2 million and
 $28.2 million for the years ended July 31, 2005 and
 2004. The increase of 17.8% is due to increased brokerage costs
 from higher sales, $0.6 million settlement with a
 bankruptcy court relating to previously collected receivables
 from 21 Table of Contents an international customer, and higher salary and professional
 service costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a
 percentage of net sales were 7.2% and 7.8% for the years ended
 July 31, 2005 and 2004. Advertising. Advertising expense was
 $22.2 million and $14.7 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2005 and 2004. The change related principally from
 a net increase of approximately $7.1 million in costs
 associated with the launch of our Emerald brand snack nut
 products. Interest. Net interest expense was
 $4.4 million and $3.4 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2005 and 2004. The increase was due to additional
 borrowings required to fund working capital in support of sales
 growth and increased average interest rates. Income Taxes. Income tax benefit was
 $8.4 million and nil for the years ended July 31, 2005
 and 2004. As an agricultural cooperative association, income
 taxes were not provided on patronage net proceeds. Income taxes
 have been provided at the statutory rate based on the pre-tax
 income of our non-patronage business. The benefit in the year
 ended July 31, 2005 arises from the loss before income
 taxes of the non-patronage business generated by start up costs,
 promotional activities, introductory payments and increased
 advertising costs to support the national launch of our Emerald
 brand snack nut products and from establishing certain net
 deferred tax assets related to the former patronage business as
 a result of the conversion. Net Proceeds. Net proceeds were
 $182.8 million and $177.6 million for years ended
 July 31, 2005 and 2004. As a percentage of net sales, net
 proceeds declined from 49.4% in 2004 to 39.5% in 2005,
 principally due to the additional costs incurred to support the
 national launch of our Emerald brand snack nut products and
 higher commodity costs. Liquidity
 and Capital Resources Our liquidity is dependent upon funds generated from operations
 and external sources of financing. As of July 31, 2006, we had a total of $20.0 million
 of senior notes outstanding with two institutional investors. We
 are required to make annual principal repayments on these notes
 in the amount of $4.0 million starting in December 2009.
 The notes mature in December 2013 and bear interest at a rate of
 7.35% per annum. We are subject to certain affirmative and
 negative covenants outlined in the senior note agreement. We also have an unsecured master loan agreement with CoBank that
 was amended, effective April 25, 2006 which provides for
 both a revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal amount
 of $77.5 million bearing an interest rate of LIBOR plus
 0.65% per annum, and a long-term revolver that provides an
 aggregate principal amount of $20.0 million bearing an
 interest rate of LIBOR plus 0.7% per annum. The expiration
 of the revolving line of credit is April 1, 2008. The
 expiration of the long-term revolving agreement is April 1,
 2011. The master loan agreement governing these credit
 facilities subjects us to financial and other covenants and
 contains customary events of default. As of July 31, 2006,
 we had no amount outstanding on the revolving line of credit or
 on the long-term revolver. As of July 31, 2006, we had a credit agreement with a bank
 that provides for an unsecured revolving line of credit in an
 aggregate principal amount of $32.5 million and a
 $2.0 million letter of credit facility. The revolving line
 of credit expires on January 15, 2007, and borrowings under
 this line of credit bear interest at a rate of LIBOR plus
 0.65% per annum. The credit agreement governing these notes
 subjects us to financial and other covenants and contains
 customary events of default. As of July 31, 2006, we had no
 amount outstanding on the revolving line of credit. This credit
 agreement was amended as of August 8, 2006 to increase the
 line of credit aggregate principal amount to $52.5 million
 and the expiration date of the agreement to January 15,
 2008. This Credit agreement limits the amount of dividends
 declared or paid to three percent of our total market
 capitalization in one fiscal year. On a combined basis, we have $150 million of available
 borrowing capacity. As of July 31, 2006, we were in
 compliance with all applicable loan covenants under our credit
 facilities Our investment in CoBank represents our cost basis in its stock.
 We are required to maintain this investment to comply with our
 borrowing agreements with CoBank. This investment cannot be
 readily converted to cash because we cannot dispose of it
 without the prior approval of CoBank and only in the event of
 termination of our borrowing agreements with CoBank. Working capital and stockholders’ equity were
 $87.7 million and $110.8 million at July 31, 2006
 compared $89.0 million and $99.5 million at
 July 31, 2005. 22 Table of Contents Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended
 July 31, 2006, was $34.0 million compared to
 $10.5 million during the year ended July 31, 2005. The
 increase was due to improved management of working capital. Cash
 used in investing activities was $27.4 million in 2006
 compared to $10.4 million in 2005. The increase was
 primarily due to the acquisition of Harmony for approximately
 $19.2 million. Cash used in financing activities during
 2006 was $20.0 million which principally represented
 amounts paid to former members for their membership interests.
 This compares to cash provided by financing activities of
 $48.2 million in 2005 which represents proceeds from the
 initial public offering of $105.8 million, offset by
 $57.6 million to pay off short and long-term debt. During the year ended July 31, 2005, cash provided by
 operating activities was $10.5 million compared to cash
 used in operating activities of $13.6 million during the
 year ended July 31, 2004. The increase in operating cash
 flow was due to higher net proceeds and a reduction in inventory
 levels during 2005, offset in part by an increase in payments to
 members. Cash used in investing activities was
 $10.4 million in 2005 compared to $4.5 million in
 2004. Substantially all the cash used in investing activities in
 2005 related to purchases of equipment (primarily related to
 expansion of processing capacity to support the growth of our
 Emerald brand snack nut products and sales to a major restaurant
 chain); while, in 2004, purchases of equipment were
 $4.8 million. Cash provided by financing activities during
 2005 was $48.2 million compared to $18.5 million in
 2004. Net cash received from the initial public offering totaled
 $105.8 million, of which $57.6 million was used to pay
 off short and long-term debt. During 2004, we borrowed
 $28.5 million under our notes payable and repaid
 $10.0 million of long-term obligations. We believe cash on hand, cash equivalents and cash expected to
 be provided from our operations, in addition to borrowings
 available under our existing lines of credit, will be sufficient
 to fund our contractual commitments, repay obligations as
 required, and meet our operational requirements through the year
 ending July 31, 2007. Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments Contractual obligations and commitments at July 31, 2006
 are as follows (in millions): Payments Due by Period
Less than | 1-3 | 3-5 | More than
Total | 1 Year | Years | Years | 5 Years
Long-term obligations(a) | $ | 20.0 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 8.0 | $ | 12.0
Interest on long-term obligations | 8.0 | 1.5 | 3.0 | 2.3 | 1.2
Operating leases, net of sublease income | 16.0 | 2.1 | 4.0 | 3.3 | 6.6
Purchase commitments(b) | 1.6 | 1.6 | — | — | —
Retirement benefits(c) | 23.8 | 1.4 | 3.9 | 4.4 | 14.1
Total | $ | 69.4 | $ | 6.6 | $ | 10.9 | $ | 18.0 | $ | 33.9 (a) | Excludes $2.1 million in total letters of credit outstanding related to normal business transactions.
(b) | Commitments to purchase new equipment. Excludes purchase commitments under Walnut Purchase Agreements.
(c) | See note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements. Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements As of July 31, 2006, we did not have any significant off
 balance sheet arrangements, as defined in
 Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. Effects
 of Inflation The most significant inflationary factor affecting our net sales
 and cost of sales is the change in market prices for purchased
 nuts. The prices of these commodities are affected by world
 market conditions and are volatile in response to supply and
 demand, as well as political and economic events. The price
 fluctuations of these commodities do not necessarily correlate
 with the general inflation rate. Inflation may, however,
 adversely affect operating costs such as labor, energy and
 materials. 23 Table of Contents Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements In November 2004, SFAS No. 151. “Accounting
 for Inventory Costs ,” was issued.
 SFAS No. 151 requires allocation of fixed production
 overheads to inventories based on the normal capacity of the
 production facilities. Unallocated overhead must be recognized
 as an expense in the period incurred. This statement was
 effective for inventory costs beginning in August 2005 and its
 adoption had no material impact on our financial statements. In May 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 154,
 “Accounting Changes and Error Corrections — a
 replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and
 SFAS No. 3.” SFAS No. 154 changes the
 requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change in
 accounting principle and a change required by an accounting
 pronouncement when the pronouncement does not include specific
 transition provisions. SFAS No. 154 requires
 retrospective application of changes as if the new accounting
 principle had always been used. SFAS No. 154 is effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. We
 believe that the adoption of this standard will not have a
 significant impact on our financial position, results of
 operations or cash flows. In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155,
 “Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial
 Instruments — An Amendment of FASB Statements
 No. 133 and 140.” SFAS No. 155 provides
 entities with relief from having to separately determine the
 fair value of an embedded derivative that would otherwise be
 required to be bifurcated from its host contract in accordance
 with SFAS No. 133. It also allows an entity to make an
 irrevocable election to measure such a hybrid financial
 instrument at fair value in its entirety, with changes in fair
 value recognized in earnings. SFAS No. 155 is
 effective for all financial instruments acquired, issued, or
 subject to a remeasurement (new basis) event occurring for
 fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006. We believe
 that the adoption of this standard will not have a significant
 impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash
 flows. In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, “Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation of
 FASB Statement 109,” which clarifies the accounting
 for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
 enterprise’s financial statements in accordance with
 FAS 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.”
 FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
 attribute for the financial statement recognition and
 measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
 tax return. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after December 15, 2006. We are currently evaluating the
 impact of FIN 48 on our consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk. Our principal market risks are
 exposure to changes in commodity prices and interest rates on
 borrowings. Although we have international sales and related
 trade receivables from foreign customers, there is no
 significant foreign currency exchange risk as substantially all
 sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Commodities Risk. The availability, size,
 quality and cost of raw materials for the production of our
 products, including walnuts, pecans, peanuts, cashews, almonds
 and other nuts, are subject to risks inherent to farming, such
 as crop size and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and
 growing conditions, pest and disease problems, and other factors
 beyond our control. Additionally, our supply of raw materials
 could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our
 products have been tampered with, or that certain pesticides,
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful
 residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been
 contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents. Interest Rate Risk. We have established a
 formal investment policy to help minimize the market risk
 exposure of our cash and cash equivalents, which are primarily
 affected by credit quality and movements in interest rates.
 These guidelines focus on managing liquidity and preserving
 principal. Our cash equivalents are primarily held for liquidity
 purposes and are comprised of high quality investments with
 maturities of less than 90 days when purchased. With such a
 short maturity, our portfolio’s market value is relatively
 insensitive to interest rate changes. The sensitivity of our cash and cash equivalent portfolio as of
 July 31, 2006 to a 100 basis point increase or
 decrease in interest rates would be an increase of pretax income
 of approximately $0.4 million or a decrease of pretax
 income of $0.4 million, respectively. 24 Table of Contents Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data MANAGEMENT’S
 REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of Diamond Foods, Inc. is responsible for
 establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company’s
 internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
 assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding
 the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
 statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 as of July 31, 2006. In making this assessment, management
 used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
 Control — Integrated Framework. Our assessment did not
 include consideration of internal control over financial
 reporting associated with the business we acquired from Harmony
 Foods Corporation in May 2006, because it was not possible for
 us to assess the acquired business’s internal control over
 financial reporting in the period between the acquisition date
 and July 31, 2006, the date of our assessment for purposes
 of this report. The acquired business is significant to our
 consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, in the future we
 expect to assess the internal controls over financial reporting
 of the acquired business, and to report any material change in
 our internal control over financial reporting in our future
 periodic reports. Based on our assessment using the criteria set forth by COSO in
 Internal Control — Integrated Framework, management
 concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
 effective as of July 31, 2006. Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public
 accounting firm, has issued an audit report on management’s
 assessment of the Company’s internal control over financial
 reporting. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. /s/ Michael J. Mendes | /s/ Seth Halio
President and | Executive Vice President and
Chief Executive officer | Chief Financial Officer October 12, 2006 25 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Diamond Foods, Inc. Stockton, California We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Diamond Foods, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”)
 as of July 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, stockholder’s equity and
 cashflows for the year ended July 31, 2006, and the
 statements of net proceeds, member’s equity and cashflows
 for each of two years in the period ended July 31, 2005. We
 also have audited management’s assessment, included in the
 accompanying “Management’s Report on Internal Control
 Over Financial Reporting”, that the Company maintained
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 July 31, 2006 based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. As described in Management’s Report on Internal
 Control over Financial Reporting, management excluded from their
 assessment the internal control over financial reporting at the
 business acquired from Harmony Foods Corporation, which was
 acquired on May 9, 2006, because it was not possible to
 assess the acquired business’s internal control over
 financial reporting in the period between the acquisition date
 and July 31, 2006. The acquired business constitutes
 approximately 17 percent and 9 percent of net and total
 assets, respectively, and one per cent of net sales of the
 consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for
 the year ended July 31, 2006. Accordingly, our audit did
 not include the internal control over financial reporting at the
 business acquired from Harmony Foods Corporation. The
 Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated
 financial statements, for maintaining internal control over
 financial reporting and for management’s assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
 responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
 financial statements, an opinion on management’s
 assessment, and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
 Company’s internal control over financial reporting based
 on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement and whether effective internal
 control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
 examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
 disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
 reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
 control over financial reporting, evaluating management’s
 assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating
 effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
 procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
 company’s principal executive and principal financial
 officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
 by the company’s board of directors, management, and other
 personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
 are being made only in accordance with authorizations of
 management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. 26 Table of Contents In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of the Company as of July 31, 2006 and 2005, and
 the results of its operations and its cashflows for each of the
 three years in the period ended July 31, 2006, in
 conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America. Also, in our opinion,
 management’s assessment that the Company maintained
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of
 July 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects,
 based on the criteria established in Internal
 Control — Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. Furthermore, in our opinion, the Company maintained,
 in all material respects, effective internal control over
 financial reporting as of July 31, 2006, based on the
 criteria established in Internal Control —
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
 statements, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standards
 No. 123(R), “ Share-Based Payment ”,
 effective August 1, 2005. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP San Francisco, California October 12, 2006 27 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS July 31,
2006 | 2005
(In thousands, except share and per share information)
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 35,614 | $ | 49,035
Trade receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $598 and $515, at July 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively | 49,536 | 42,246
Inventories | 99,177 | 111,270
Deferred income taxes | 4,578 | 2,726
Property held for sale | 1,728 | —
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 7,329 | 5,169
Total current assets | 197,962 | 210,446
Property, plant and equipment | 34,291 | 27,658
Investment in CoBank | 2,191 | 2,269
Deferred income taxes | 4,812 | 5,133
Goodwill | 5,077 | —
Identifiable intangible assets, net | 3,941 | —
Other assets | 4,758 | 6,522
Total assets | $ | 253,032 | $ | 252,028
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Notes payable — members | $ | — | $ | 2,119
Payable to members for membership interest | — | 17,329
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 28,371 | 29,422
Payable to growers | 81,902 | 72,554
Total current liabilities | 110,273 | 121,424
Long-term obligations | 20,000 | 20,000
Other liabilities | 11,933 | 11,142
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5,000,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding | — | —
Common Stock, $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100,000,000 shares;
15,737,194 and 15,555,506 shares issued and outstanding at July 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively | 16 | 16
Additional paid-in capital | 93,962 | 88,491
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | (36 | ) | —
Retained earnings | 16,884 | 10,955
Total stockholders’ equity | 110,826 | 99,462
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity | $ | 253,032 | $ | 252,028 See notes to consolidated financial statements 28 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (2006) CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF NET PROCEEDS (2005 AND 2004) Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004
(In thousands, except per share information)
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683
Patronage inventory at beginning of period | — | (101,403 | ) | (94,701 | )
Patronage inventory at end of period | — | 67,152 | 101,403
Net sales (2006)/Gross marketing pool proceeds (2005 and 2004) | 477,205 | 428,297 | 366,385
Cost of sales | 409,039 | 191,387 | 142,592
Cost of sales — NRV amount | 2,770 | — | —
Total cost of sales | 411,809 | 191,387 | 142,592
Gross margin (2006)/Proceeds before operating expenses (2005 and 2004) | 65,396 | 236,910 | 223,793
Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative (including $3,992 of stock-based compensation in 2006) | 37,046 | 33,188 | 28,169
Advertising | 17,977 | 22,153 | 14,673
Other operating expenses | 3,442 | — | —
Total operating expenses | 58,465 | 55,341 | 42,842
Income from operations (2006)/Operating proceeds (2005 and 2004) | 6,931 | 181,569 | 180,951
Interest expense, net | 295 | 4,433 | 3,403
Conversion costs | — | 697 | —
Other expenses | 310 | — | —
Early extinguishments of debt | — | 2,028 | —
Income before income tax benefit (2006)/
Proceeds before income tax benefit (2005 and 2004) | 6,326 | 174,411 | 177,548
Income tax benefit | (1,010 | ) | (8,385 | ) | (43 | )
Net income (2006)/Net proceeds (2005 and 2004) | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796 | $ | 177,591
Earnings per share
Basic | $ | 0.47
Diluted | $ | 0.47
Shares used to compute earnings per share
Basic | 15,634
Diluted | 15,653 See notes to consolidated financial statements 29 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’/MEMBERS’ EQUITY Accumulated | Total
Additional | Working | Other | Stockholders’/
Common Stock | Paid-In | Capital | Retained | Comprehensive | Members’
Shares | Amount | Capital | Retains | Earnings | Loss | Equity
(In thousands, except share information)
Balance, July 31, 2003 | $ | $ | $ | 26,676 | $ | 17,540 | $ | $ | 44,216
Nonpatronage loss | (40 | ) | (40 | )
Working capital retains | 41,714 | — | 41,714
Revolvement of working capital retains | — | — | — | (26,676 | ) | — | — | (26,676 | )
Balance, July 31, 2004 | 41,714 | 17,500 | 59,214
Nonpatronage loss | — | (6,545 | ) | (6,545 | )
Working capital retains | 38,500 | — | 38,500
Initial Public Offering of common stock, net of underwriting and offering expenses and amounts due former members electing cash in lieu of common stock | 15,555,506 | 16 | 88,491 | (38,500 | ) | 50,007
Revolvement of working capital retains | — | — | — | (41,714 | ) | — | — | (41,714 | )
Balance, July 31, 2005 | 15,555,506 | 16 | 88,491 | — | 10,955 | 99,462
Shares issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) | 57,872 | 802 | — | 802
Stock compensation expense | 123,816 | 3,992 | — | 3,992
ESPP disqualifying dispositions | 37 | — | 37
Conversion of Long Term Incentive Plan | 640 | — | 640
Dividends paid | — | (1,407 | ) | (1,407 | )
Comprehensive income | —
Net income | — | 7,336 | 7,336
Other comprehensive loss | (36 | ) | (36 | )
Total comprehensive Income | — | — | — | — | — | — | 7,300
Balance, July 31, 2006 | 15,737,194 | $ | 16 | $ | 93,962 | $ | — | $ | 16,884 | $ | (36 | ) | $ | 110,826 See notes to consolidated financial statements 30 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004
(In thousands)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income (2006)/Net proceeds (2005 and 2004) | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796 | $ | 177,591
Adjustments to reconcile net income (2006)/net proceeds (2005 and 2004) to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization | 5,532 | 4,717 | 4,896
Deferred taxes | (1,531 | ) | (6,593 | ) | —
Tax benefit related to stock-based compensation plans | 37 | — | —
Excess tax benefit from ESPP transactions | (37 | ) | — | —
Stock-based compensation | 3,992 | — | —
Loss on disposal of equipment | 442 | — | —
Early extinguishment of debt | — | 233
CoBank patronage dividend paid in stock | (47 | ) | (119 | ) | (75 | )
Changes in assets and liabilities (net of effects of acquisition):
Trade receivables | (4,805 | ) | (9,470 | ) | (15,131 | )
Inventories | 17,278 | 24,346 | (19,327 | )
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | (1,957 | ) | (1,482 | ) | 612
Other assets | 1,764 | 1,310 | (95 | )
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | (4,419 | ) | 8,106 | 4,460
Payable to growers | 9,348 | — | —
Other liabilities | 1,027 | 811 | 947
Adjustment to current member account for change in prepaid inventory costs | — | 7,216 | (52 | )
Cash payments to members | — | (201,415 | ) | (167,411 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | 33,960 | 10,456 | (13,585 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Capital revolvement from CoBank | 126 | 100 | 372
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment | 49 | — | —
Acquisition of Harmony | (19,186 | ) | — | —
Purchase of property, plant, and equipment | (8,352 | ) | (10,500 | ) | (4,830 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (27,363 | ) | (10,400 | ) | (4,458 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Note payable borrowings (repayments), net | (2,119 | ) | (42,173 | ) | 28,517
Net proceeds from initial public offering | — | 105,836 | —
Payment to members of membership interest | (17,329 | ) | — | —
Issuance of common stock under stock plans | 802 | — | —
Dividends paid | (1,407 | ) | — | —
Excess tax benefit from ESPP transactions | 37 | — | —
Additions to long-term obligation | — | 10,000 | —
Payments of long-term obligations | — | (25,464 | ) | (10,000 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | (20,016 | ) | 48,199 | 18,517
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | (13,421 | ) | 48,255 | 474
Cash and cash equivalents:
Beginning of period | 49,035 | 780 | 306
End of period | $ | 35,614 | $ | 49,035 | $ | 780
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid (received) during the period for:
Interest | $ | 696 | $ | 4,580 | $ | 3,226
Income taxes | 2,178 | (296 | ) | (41 | )
Non-cash investing activities:
Liabilities assumed in Harmony acquisition | 3,404 | — | —
Accrued capital expenditures | 380 | 420 | —
Non-cash financing activities:
Net proceeds from initial public offering payable to members | — | 17,329 | —
Accrued liability exchanged for options to acquire common stock | 640 | — | — See notes to consolidated financial statements 31 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS July 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 (In thousands, except share and per share information) (1) | Conversion and Initial Public Offering On July 26, 2005, after receiving required approvals and
 meeting certain conditions, Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc.
 (Diamond Walnut) converted from an agricultural cooperative
 association to a Delaware corporation through a merger with and
 into its wholly-owned subsidiary, Diamond Foods, Inc. (the
 “Company” or “Diamond”), and at the same
 time completed an initial public offering of Diamond common
 stock. The Company retained its July 31 fiscal year end.
 The conversion was accounted for using the historical carrying
 values of the assets and liabilities of Diamond Walnut.
 Immediately after the conversion, the working capital retains of
 members of Diamond Walnut were reclassified to payable to
 members. At the time of the conversion and initial public
 offering, all patronage member interests in Diamond Walnut were
 exchanged for Diamond common stock or a combination of Diamond
 common stock and cash. The results of operations of Diamond
 subsequent to the conversion were not significant, and
 accordingly, the accompanying financial statements for 2005 are
 presented as though Diamond were a cooperative for the entire
 year. (2) | Organization and Significant Accounting Policies Business Diamond processes, markets and distributes culinary, in-shell
 and ingredient/food service nuts and snack products. The Company
 obtains its walnuts from growers who are located in California
 and through July 26, 2005, were members of the cooperative
 association. The Company obtains its other nuts from independent
 suppliers. Diamond sells products to approximately 900
 customers, including over 150 international customers. In
 general, the Company sells directly to retailers, particularly
 large, national grocery store and club stores, mass
 merchandisers, and drug store chains, and indirectly through
 wholesale distributors who serve independent and small regional
 retail grocery store chains and convenience stores. Basis
 of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles (GAAP). Prior to August 1, 2005 the
 Company’s financial statements were prepared in accordance
 with GAAP for agricultural cooperative associations. The
 principal difference relates to accounting for walnut
 inventories received from cooperative members. As a cooperative
 association, Diamond used the net realizable value method to
 value these inventories. Walnuts received by Diamond subsequent
 to July 31, 2005 are accounted for under the lower of cost (first-in, first-out), or market method. As a result, the statements of
 operations for the year ended July 31, 2006 and the
 statements of net proceeds for the years ended July 31,
 2005 and 2004 are not comparable. Use of
 Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
 the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual
 results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates,
 including those related to inventories, trade receivables, fair
 value of investments, useful lives of property, plant and
 equipment and income taxes, among others. The Company bases its
 estimates on historical experience and on various other
 assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of
 which form the basis for management’s judgments about the
 carrying values of assets and liabilities. 32 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Certain
 Risks and Concentrations The Company’s revenues are principally derived from the
 sale of culinary, in-shell and ingredient/food service nuts and
 snack products, the market for which is highly competitive.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company’s operating results. Sales to the
 Company’s largest customer accounted for approximately 19%,
 17% and 16% of net sales in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Principles
 of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All
 significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated. Cash
 and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include investment of surplus cash in
 securities (primarily money market funds and Eurodollar time
 deposits) with maturities at date of purchase of three months or
 less. Inventories Prior to August 1, 2005, patronage inventories (walnuts
 acquired from members) were stated at estimated net realizable
 value (estimated sales price less estimated completion,
 distribution and selling costs). Other inventories include
 purchased commodities, processed walnuts used in non-patronage
 products, manufacturing costs and packing materials and
 supplies, and are stated at the lower of cost (first in, first
 out basis) or market. Effective August 1, 2005 all
 inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Crop
 Accounting Policy Through July 31, 2005, Diamond operated on a pool year
 basis, with crop year pools established for members’
 products delivered for processing and marketing. Net patronage
 proceeds of the pool were partially distributed as advances for
 raw products delivered. In addition, net patronage proceeds or
 losses from the sale of member products were allocated to the
 members in the appropriate commodity crop year pool. Payments to
 members were specifically identified as to commodity crop year
 pool and were charged directly to current member accounts. Each
 crop year pool was closed when the related crop was
 substantially sold by making a final distribution to members
 based upon their patronage in that pool. The board of directors
 determined the amount and timing of payments to and for its
 members.. Investment
 in CoBank The investment in CoBank represents Diamond’s cost basis in
 the Bank’s stock. The investment is required to comply with
 borrowing agreements with the Bank. Property,
 Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation
 and amortization are computed using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of assets of approximately
 30 years for buildings and ranging from three to fifteen
 years for equipment. Slotting
 and Other Contractual Arrangements In certain situations, the Company pays slotting fees to retail
 customers to acquire access to shelf space. These payments are
 recognized as a reduction of sales. In addition, the Company
 makes payments pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of
 the agreement, the quantity and type of products to be sold and
 other requirements. Payments pursuant to these agreements are
 capitalized and included in other current and long-term assets,
 and are 33 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
 contract. The Company expenses payments if no written
 arrangement exists. Impairment
 of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill Management periodically reviews long-lived assets and certain
 identifiable intangible assets for impairment in accordance with
 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived
 Assets.” Goodwill and certain intangible assets, which
 are not subject to amortization, are periodically reviewed for
 impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” For assets to be held and used, including acquired intangibles,
 the Company initiates a review whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets
 may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured
 by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future
 undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate.
 Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by
 which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair market
 value. Significant management judgment is required in this
 process. Revenue
 Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when a persuasive arrangement
 exists, title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment),
 price is fixed, delivery occurs and collection is reasonably
 assured. Revenues are recorded net of rebates, coupons,
 promotion and marketing allowances. Customers have the right to
 return certain products. These product returns are estimated
 based upon historical results and reflected as a reduction in
 net sales. Promotion
 and Advertising Costs Promotional allowances, customer rebates, coupons and marketing
 allowances are recorded at the time the related revenue is
 recognized and are reflected as reductions of net sales. Annual
 volume rebates, promotion, and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon the terms of the arrangements. Coupon incentives are
 recorded at the time of distribution in amounts based on
 estimated redemption rates. The Company expenses advertising
 costs as they occur. Payments to certain customers to reimburse
 them for cooperative advertising programs are recorded in
 accordance with EITF No. 01-09, “Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
 Customer.” Shipping
 and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in
 net sales and other revenues. Freight, shipping and handling
 costs are charged to cost of sales as incurred. Income
 Taxes Under the federal tax code, prior to July 31, 2005, Diamond
 was a nonexempt cooperative association. Nonexempt cooperatives
 accrue income taxes on net non-patronage proceeds and certain
 expenses, which are not deductible for tax purposes. No
 provision for taxes was made for net patronage proceeds paid or
 allocated to members as qualified notices of allocation.
 Effective August 1, 2005, all business activities of
 Diamond became taxable under provisions of the Internal Revenue
 Code and certain state tax laws. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
 future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
 financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
 liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss
 and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
 apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
 differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
 on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
 is recognized in income in the period that includes the
 enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred
 income taxes not expected to be recovered. 34 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash
 and cash equivalents, trade receivables, accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the
 balance sheet because of the relatively short term nature of
 these financial instruments. The fair value of notes payable and
 long-term obligations at the end of each fiscal period
 approximates the amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on
 information available to Diamond with respect to current
 interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments. It
 is not practicable to estimate the fair value of Diamond’s
 investment in CoBank. Foreign
 Currency Hedging To reduce the risk of foreign currency exchange movements,
 Diamond periodically enters into forward contracts. These
 derivative instruments have settlement dates generally less than
 one year, are recorded at fair value, and are included in
 accrued liabilities (balances at July 31, 2006 and
 July 31, 2005 were not material). At July 31, 2006
 Diamond had outstanding forward contracts to deliver
 1.1 million Euros at various dates through January 2007.
 These contracts had an average exchange rate of 1.22
 US Dollars per Euro. Forward contracts totaling
 483 Euros are designated as cash flow hedges in accordance
 with SFAS No. 133, “Derivative Financial
 Instruments and Hedging.” Accordingly, changes in
 derivative fair values are deferred and recorded as a component
 of other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction
 is recorded in earnings. In the period in which the hedged item
 affects earnings, gains or losses on the derivative instrument
 are reclassified from other comprehensive income to the
 statement of operations. Diamond assesses, both at the inception
 of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives
 that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in
 offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items. The following table summarizes the impact of cash flow hedges on
 other comprehensive income in 2006 (in thousands): At July 31, 2005 | $ | —
Net change on cash flow hedges | (60 | )
Reclassification to other income | 24
At July 31, 2006 | $ | (36 | ) Stock-Based
 Compensation The Company has various stock-based compensation programs, which
 provide for equity awards including stock options and restricted
 stock. On December 16, 2004, the Financial Accounting
 Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 123
 (revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment,” which is
 a revision of SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for
 Stock-Based Compensation.” The statement supercedes APB
 Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to
 Employees,” and its related implementation guidance.
 The Company accounts for all share-based awards in accordance
 with SFAS No. 123(R). Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements In November 2004, SFAS No. 151. “Accounting
 for Inventory Costs ,” was issued.
 SFAS No. 151 requires allocation of fixed production
 overheads to inventories based on the normal capacity of the
 production facilities. Unallocated overhead must be recognized
 as an expense in the period incurred. This statement was
 effective for inventory costs beginning in August 2005 and its
 adoption had no material impact on Diamond’s financial
 statements. In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154,
 “ Accounting Changes and Error
 Corrections — a replacement of APB Opinion
 No. 20 and SFAS No. 3.”
 SFAS No. 154 changes the requirements for the
 accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting principle
 and a change required by an accounting pronouncement when the 35 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions.
 SFAS No. 154 requires retrospective application of
 changes as if the new accounting principle had always been used.
 SFAS No. 154 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after December 15, 2005. In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155,
 “ Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial
 Instruments — An Amendment of FASB Statements
 No. 133 and 140.” SFAS No. 155 provides
 entities with relief from having to separately determine the
 fair value of an embedded derivative that would otherwise be
 required to be bifurcated from its host contract in accordance
 with SFAS No. 133. It also allows an entity to make an
 irrevocable election to measure such a hybrid financial
 instrument at fair value in its entirety, with changes in fair
 value recognized in earnings. SFAS No. 155 is
 effective for all financial instruments acquired, issued, or
 subject to a remeasurement (new basis) event occurring for
 fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2006. The
 Company believes that the adoption of this standard will not
 have a significant impact on its financial position, results of
 operations or cash flows. In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, “ Accounting
 for Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an
 interpretation of FASB Statement 109,” which clarifies
 the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an
 enterprise’s financial statements in accordance with
 FAS 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
 attribute for the financial statement recognition and
 measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
 tax return. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of FIN 48 on its consolidated
 financial statements. (3) | Stock-Based Compensation The Company uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help
 align employee and director incentives with stockholders’
 interests. The 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan) was
 approved in March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options,
 restricted stock, stock bonuses, restricted stock units, and
 stock appreciation rights. The compensation committee of the
 Board of Directors administers the Plan. A total of
 2,500,000 shares of common stock were initially reserved
 for issuance under the Plan, and the number of shares available
 for issuance under the Plan will increase by an amount equal to
 2% of the Company’s total outstanding shares as of
 July 31 each year. In 2005, the Company began granting shares of restricted stock
 and stock options to its directors, advisors and executive
 officers under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest
 over a three-year period. The stock options expire in ten years
 and vest over three years. As of July 31, 2006, options to
 purchase 1,648,459 shares of common stock were outstanding,
 of which 341,536 were exercisable. At July 31, 2006, the
 Company had 444,325 shares available for future grant under
 the Plan. The 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides for eligible
 employees to purchase shares of common stock at a discount on a
 periodic basis. As of July 31, 2006, 400,000 shares of
 common stock were reserved for issuance under the Employee Stock
 Purchase Plan, and shares available for issuance will increase
 by an amount equal to 1% of the Company’s total outstanding
 shares as of July 31 each year, up to a maximum of
 4,000,000 shares. During the year ended July 31, 2006,
 57,872 shares were issued under the Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan. SFAS No. 123R requires all entities to recognize
 compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of
 share-based awards. Beginning with its adoption by the Company
 in August 2005, the fair value of all stock options granted
 subsequent to July 20, 2005 will be recognized as an
 expense in the Company’s statement of operations, typically
 over the related vesting period of the options.
 SFAS No. 123R requires use of fair value computed at
 the date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value
 of restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based
 compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three
 years from date of grant or award. As required under SFAS No. 123R the Company continues
 to account for stock-based compensation for options granted
 prior to August 1, 2005 using the intrinsic value method
 prescribed in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Since the options were granted at market price, no compensation
 expense is recognized. Prior to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R), tax benefits for any deduction in 36 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) excess of recognized compensation costs were reported as
 operating cash flows. After adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R) excess tax benefits from stock option
 exercises are reported as financing cash flows. As required by SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for
 Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure, an amendment
 of FASB Statement No. 123” , the Company has
 provided fair value based pro-forma disclosures in its financial
 statements related to stock options. If compensation expense for
 the Company’s various stock option plans had been
 determined based upon the estimated fair values at the grant
 dates for all awards in accordance with SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” the
 Company’s pro-forma net income, basic and diluted earnings
 per common share would have been as follows: 2006
Net income, as reported | $ | 7,336
Total stock-based compensation recorded in the statement of operations, net of related tax effects | 2,388
Total stock-based compensation expense determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of related tax effects | (3,514 | )
Pro forma net income | $ | 6,210
Net income per common equivalent share:
Basic — as reported | $ | 0.47
Basic — pro forma | $ | 0.40
Diluted — as reported | $ | 0.47
Diluted — pro forma | $ | 0.40 The pro forma effects on net proceeds in 2005 was not material. Stock Option Awards: The fair value of each
 stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected stock price
 volatilities were estimated based on the Company’s implied
 historical volatility. The expected term of options granted and
 forfeiture rates were based on assumptions and historical data
 to the extent it is available. The risk-free rates were based on
 U.S. Treasury yields for notes with comparable terms as the
 option grants, in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes
 of this valuation model, dividends are based on the historical
 rate. Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are presented
 below: 2006
Average expected life, in years | 6
Expected volatility | 27.5 | %
Risk-free interest rate | 4.61 | %
Dividend rate | 0.67 | % 37 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) The following table summarizes option activity during the year
 ended July 31, 2006: Weighted | Weighted Average
Number of | Average Exercise | Remaining | Aggregate
Shares | Price per Share | Contractual Life | Intrinsic Value
(In thousands) | (In years) | (In thousands)
Outstanding at July 31, 2005 | 1,123 | $ | 17.00
Granted | 657 | 18.15
Exercised | — | —
Cancelled | (132 | ) | 17.44
Outstanding at July 31, 2006 | 1,648 | 17.43 | 9.2 | $ | —
Exercisable at July 31, 2006 | 341 | 17.00 | 9.0 | $ | — The weighted average fair value of options granted during the
 2006 and 2005 was as $6.13 and $5.18, respectively. Changes in the Company’s nonvested options during 2006 are
 summarized as follows: Weighted Average
Number of | Grant Date Fair Value
Shares | per Share
(In thousands)
Nonvested at July 31, 2005 | 1,123 | $ | 5.18
Granted | 657 | 6.13
Vested | (341 | ) | 5.18
Cancelled | (132 | ) | 5.66
Nonvested at July 31, 2006 | 1,307 | 5.80 As of July 31, 2006, there was $3.4 million of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock
 options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
 average period of 3.2 years. Restricted Stock Awards: As of July 31,
 2006, there were 528,523 shares of restricted stock
 outstanding. Restricted stock activity during 2006 is summarized
 as follows: Weighted Average
Number of | Grant Date Fair Value
Shares | per Share
(In thousands)
Outstanding at July 31, 2005 | 598 | $ | 17.00
Granted | 149 | 18.94
Vested | (193 | ) | 17.00
Cancelled | (25 | ) | 17.65
Outstanding at July 31, 2006 | 529 | 17.52 The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock
 awards granted during 2006 and 2005 was $18.94 and $17.00,
 respectively As of July 31, 2006, there was $9.3 million of
 unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted
 stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
 average period of 2.1 years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Under the
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, full-time employees are permitted
 to purchase a limited number of Diamond common shares at 85% of
 market value. Under this plan, 38 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Diamond sold 57,872 shares to employees in fiscal 2006.
 Compensation expense is calculated for the fair value of
 employees’ purchase rights using the Black-Scholes model
 and the following weighted-average assumptions: 2006
Average expected life, in years | 0.75
Expected volatility | 27.5 | %
Risk-free interest rate | 4.30 | %
Dividend rate | 0.71 | % The weighted-average fair value of the purchase rights granted
 during fiscal 2006 was $3.70. (4) | Earnings Per Share Options to purchase 1,648,459 shares of common stock at
 prices ranging from $14.93 to $21.00 per share were
 outstanding at July 31, 2006. Basic earnings per share is
 calculated using the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is
 calculated using the weighted average number of common shares
 and includes the dilutive effect of common shares issuable upon
 the exercise of outstanding options, calculated using the
 treasury stock method. Options to purchase 837,631 shares
 of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted
 earnings per share for the year ended July 31, 2006,
 because their effect would be antidilutive. (5) | Acquisition of Assets of Harmony Foods Corporation On May 9, 2006, Diamond completed its acquisition of
 certain net assets of Harmony Foods Corporation
 (“Harmony”) for $18 million in cash and the
 assumption of certain defined liabilities. The assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed from Harmony are herein referred to as
 the “Harmony- Retail Division” or “the
 Division.” Among the assets Diamond acquired is
 Harmony’s strategically located processing and packaging
 plant in Fishers, Indiana. This plant has capacity to produce
 products such as trail mixes, specialty dried fruits, nuts and
 seeds, sweet/salty snacks and organic snacks, which are
 available in multiple packaging options including resealable
 single and multiple serve bags, deli cups and self-serve produce
 bins. Diamond also acquired the Harmony and Homa brands, as well
 as $4.5 million of working capital. Additionally, as part
 of the acquisition, the Company offered employment to
 approximately 100 former employees of Harmony Foods Corporation. The Acquisition is being accounted for as a business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141, “Business
 Combinations.” The total purchase price was $19.2 million, including
 $1.1 million in transaction related costs, which has been
 preliminary allocated to the fair values of assets acquired and
 liabilities assumed as follows: Accounts receivable | $ | 2,485
Inventory | 5,185
Prepaid expenses | 203
Property, plant and equipment | 5,640
Customers contracts and related relationships | 2,400
Trademark and trade names | 1,600
Goodwill | 5,077
Liabilities assumed | (3,404 | )
Purchase Price | $ | 19,186 39 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Identifiable
 intangible assets Customer contracts and relationships relate primarily to
 underlying customer relationships of the Division, which will be
 amortized on a straight-line basis over an average estimated
 life of 20 years. Trademarks and trade names, relate to the
 “Harmony” and “Homa” brand names, which will
 be amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated life of
 14 years. The total weighted average amortization period of identifiable
 intangible assets is approximately 18 years with
 amortization expense of approximately $59 recognized in 2006. Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense for each of
 the five succeeding years will amount to approximately $234. Goodwill Goodwill of $5,077 represents the excess of the purchase price
 over the fair value of the underlying net tangible and
 intangible assets acquired. As of July 31, 2006, intangible
 assets are as follows: 2006
Goodwill | $ | 5,077
Intangible assets subject to amortization (net of accumulated amortization of $59) | 3,941
Total | $ | 9,018 Pro
 Forma — Financial Information The following reflects the unaudited pro forma combined results
 of operations of the Company and Harmony — Retail
 Division had the acquisition taken place at the beginning of the
 period (in thousands, except per share data): 2006 | 2005
Net sales | $ | 502,503 | $ | 522,649
Net loss | $ | (397 | ) | $ | (14,667 | )
Diluted earnings per share | $ | (0.03 | ) | * * | As a cooperative association prior to the conversion, Diamond had no shares outstanding; therefore earnings per share is not meaningful. (6) | Notes Payable and Long-Term Obligations The Company has an unsecured master loan agreement with CoBank
 that was amended, effective April 26, 2006, which provides
 for both a revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal
 amount of $77.5 million bearing an interest rate of LIBOR
 plus 0.65% per annum and a long-term revolver that provides
 an aggregate principal amount of $20.0 million bearing an
 interest rate of LIBOR plus 0.7% per annum. The expiration
 of the long-term revolving agreement is April 1, 2011. The
 expiration of the revolving line of credit is April 1,
 2008, and subjects the Company to financial and other covenants
 and contains customary events of default. The Company had no
 borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit and
 long-term revolver as of July 31, 2006 and 2005. The Company has a credit agreement with another bank (amended as
 of August 8, 2006) that provides for an unsecured revolving
 line of credit in an aggregate principal amount of
 $52.5 million and a $2.0 million letter of credit
 facility. The revolving line of credit expires on
 January 15, 2008 and bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus
 0.65% per annum. The credit agreement governing these notes
 subjects the Company to financial and other covenants and
 contains customary events of default. The Company had no amount
 outstanding on the revolving line 40 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) of credit as July 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. This
 Credit agreement limits the amount of dividends declared or paid
 to three percent of the Company’s total market
 capitalization in one fiscal year. The Company has $20.0 million of senior notes outstanding
 with two institutional investors. The Company is required to
 make annual principal repayments on these notes in the amount of
 $4.0 million starting December 2009. The notes mature in
 December 2013 and bear interest at a rate of 7.35%. The Company,
 and its subsidiaries, are subject to certain affirmative and
 negative covenants outlined in the senior note agreement. As of July 31, 2006, the Company was in compliance with all
 applicable covenants of its credit facilities. (7) | Balance sheet items Inventories consisted of the following: July 31,
2006 | 2005
Raw materials and supplies | $ | 32,484 | $ | 33,949
Work in process | 16,148 | 30,732
Finished goods | 50,545 | 46,589
Total | $ | 99,177 | $ | 111,270 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the
 following: July 31,
2006 | 2005
Accounts payable | $ | 15,819 | $ | 15,679
Accrued salaries and benefits | 4,496 | 3,686
Accrued promotion | 3,477 | 5,241
Accrued other | 4,579 | 4,816
Total | $ | 28,371 | $ | 29,422 (8) | Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following: July 31,
2006 | 2005
Land and improvements | $ | 1,569 | $ | 1,955
Buildings and improvements | 17,451 | 19,421
Machinery, equipment and software | 86,182 | 74,407
Construction in progress | 5,898 | 6,270
Total | 111,100 | 102,053
Less accumulated depreciation | (76,809 | ) | (74,395 | )
Property, plant and equipment, net | $ | 34,291 | $ | 27,658 41 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (9) | Income Taxes Income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following: Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004
Current
Federal | $ | 688 | $ | (1,684 | ) | $ | (107 | )
State | (167 | ) | (108 | ) | (38 | )
Deferred | (1,531 | ) | (6,593 | ) | 102
Total | $ | (1,010 | ) | $ | (8,385 | ) | $ | (43 | ) The effective tax rate in 2006 is different than the expected
 federal income tax rate of 35% due principally to the
 recognition of state income tax credits. A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35%
 (34% for 2004) to Diamond’s effective income tax rate
 is as follows: Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005 | 2004
Federal tax computed at the statutory rate | $ | 2,214 | $ | 61,044 | $ | 60,360
Benefit for payments to members | — | (66,322 | ) | (60,593 | )
Stock-based compensation | 114 | — | —
Change in valuation allowance | — | (19 | ) | 264
Recognition of net deferred tax assets resulting from the conversion, net of valuation allowance of $799 | — | (1,912 | ) | —
State taxes, net of federal impact | (3,503 | ) | (746 | ) | (76 | )
Other items, net | 165 | (430 | ) | 2
Income tax benefit | $ | (1,010 | ) | $ | (8,385 | ) | $ | (43 | ) 42 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) The tax effect of temporary differences and net operating losses
 which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist
 of the following: At July 31, 2006 | At July 31, 2005
Valuation | Valuation
Gross | Allowance | Net | Gross | Allowance | Net
Deferred tax assets:
Current:
Inventories | $ | 873 | $ | $ | 873 | $ | 1,178 | $ | $ | 1,178
Receivables | 240 | 240 | 205 | 205
Accruals | 2,881 | 2,881 | 1,928 | 1,928
Net operating loss | 168 | 168 | — | —
Other | 416 | 416 | 100 | 100
Total current | 4,578 | 4,578 | 3,411 | — | 3,411
Non-current:
Net operating loss | — | — | 4,207 | 4,207
Enterprise Zone Credits | 3,692 | 3,692 | — | —
AMT Credits | 67 | 67 | — | —
Retirement benefits | 4,636 | (1,044 | ) | 3,592 | 4,512 | (1,044 | ) | 3,468
Total non-current | 8,395 | (1,044 | ) | 7,351 | 8,719 | (1,044 | ) | 7,675
Deferred tax liabilities:
Current:
Retirement benefits | — | — | 685 | 685
Non-current:
Retirement benefits | 2,355 | 2,355 | 2,386 | 2,386
Property, plant and equipment | 157 | 157 | 156 | 156
Other | 27 | 27 | — | — | —
Total non-current | 2,539 | 2,539 | 2,542 | — | 2,542
Total deferred income taxes | $ | 10,434 | $ | (1,044 | ) | $ | 9,390 | $ | 8,903 | $ | (1,044 | ) | $ | 7,859
Composed of:
Net current deferred income taxes | $ | 4,578 | $ | 2,726
Net long-term deferred income taxes | 4,812 | 5,133
$ | 9,390 | $ | 7,859 A valuation allowance at July 31, 2006 of $1.0 million
 was provided for tax benefits that are not more likely than not
 to be recognized in the future. In the future, if tax benefits
 are realized related to these temporary differences, the
 reduction in valuation allowance will reduce income tax expense. At July 31, 2006, the Company has net operating loss carry
 forwards of approximately $5.1 million for state tax
 purposes which will expire in 2014, if unused. (10) | Commitments and Contingencies On February 3, 2006, PG&E filed a complaint in
 San Francisco County Superior Court alleging, among other
 things, breach of contract as a result of the Diamond’s
 decision to cease operating our cogeneration facility.
 PG&E’s 43 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) complaint seeks payment of approximately $1.4 million from
 Diamond plus interest under the contract’s termination
 provisions as well as PG&E’s costs for the lawsuit.
 Diamond believes that the termination payment provision
 constitutes an unenforceable penalty and intends to vigorously
 defend itself against PG&E’s lawsuit. Diamond believes
 that any additional liability, in excess of amounts recorded,
 resulting from the eventual outcome of this matter, will not be
 material to the Company’s financial condition or operating
 results (see also Note 14). The Company has various other legal actions in the ordinary
 course of business. All such matters are subject to many
 uncertainties that make their ultimate outcomes unpredictable.
 However, in the opinion of management, their resolution is not
 expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 financial condition, operating results or cash flows. At July 31, 2006, the Company had commitments of
 $1.6 million to purchase new equipment. Operating lease expense for the years ended July 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004 was $1.1 million, $0.7 million and
 $0.7 million, respectively At July 31, 2006, future minimum payments under
 non-cancelable operating leases (primarily for real property)
 were as follows: 2007 | $ | 2,073
2008 | 2,086
2009 | 1,885
2010 | 1,889
2011 | 1,455
Thereafter | 6,570
Total | $ | 15,958 (11) | Segment Disclosures The Company operates in a single segment: the processing,
 marketing and distributing of culinary, in-shell and
 ingredient/food service nuts and snack products. The geographic
 presentation of net sales below is based on the destination of
 the sale. The “Europe” category consists primarily of
 Germany, Spain, Italy, Netherlands and the U.K. The
 “Other” category consists primarily of Japan, Canada,
 Korea, Israel and Australia. The geographic distributions of the
 Company’s net sales for the years ended July 31, 2006,
 2005 and 2004 are as follows: 2006 | 2005 | 2004
United States | $ | 342,369 | $ | 322,461 | $ | 249,494
Europe | 57,734 | 70,526 | 56,462
Other | 77,102 | 69,561 | 53,727
Total | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683 All long-lived assets are located in the United States. 44 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Net sales by channel (in thousands): 2006 | 2005 | 2004
North American Retail | $ | 274,879 | $ | 228,522 | $ | 187,451
International | 114,781 | 122,514 | 96,312
North American Ingredient/Food Service | 84,475 | 107,029 | 70,991
Other | 3,070 | 4,483 | 4,929
Total | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683 (12) | Valuation Reserves and Qualifying Accounts Amount
Beginning | Charged | Charged to | End of
of Period | to Expense | Reserve | Period
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Year ended July 31, 2004 | $ | 776 | $ | 200 | $ | (93 | ) | $ | 883
Year ended July 31, 2005 | 883 | 196 | (564 | ) | 515
Year ended July 31, 2006 | 515 | 204 | (121 | ) | 598
Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance
Year ended July 31, 2004 | — | 264 | — | 264
Year ended July 31, 2005 | 264 | 780 | — | 1,044
Year ended July 31, 2006 | 1,044 | — | — | 1,044 (13) | Retirement Plans Diamond provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors three
 defined benefit pension plans — a qualified plan
 covering all salaried employees, a qualified plan covering all
 regular hourly employees, and a nonqualified plan for certain
 salaried employees. The amounts shown for pension benefits are
 combined amounts for all three plans. Diamond uses an
 August 1 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are
 held in trust and primarily include mutual funds and money
 market accounts. In 2003, Diamond amended its salaried plan
 regarding normal retirement age, the nature of the annuity
 benefit and certain other provisions. The plan amendments, which
 were effective August 1, 2003, were recognized in benefit
 obligations as of July 31, 2003, and decreased pension cost
 by approximately $4.0 million. Any employee who joined the
 Company after January 15, 1999 is not entitled to retiree
 medical benefits. Obligations and Funded Status at July 31: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Change in Benefit Obligation: | 2006 | 2005 | 2006 | 2005
Benefit obligation at beginning of year | $ | 34,901 | $ | 30,417 | $ | 10,575 | $ | 10,038
Service cost | 2,234 | 2,013 | 253 | 273
Interest cost | 1,726 | 1,845 | 543 | 589
Plan participants’ contributions | — | — | 287 | 185
Actuarial loss (gain) | (3,417 | ) | 4,426 | (5,756 | ) | 103
Benefits paid | (2,863 | ) | (3,800 | ) | (623 | ) | (613 | )
Benefit obligation at end of year | $ | 32,581 | $ | 34,901 | $ | 5,279 | $ | 10,575 45 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Change in Plan Assets: | 2006 | 2005 | 2006 | 2005
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year | $ | 30,522 | $ | 29,099 | $ | — | $ | —
Actual return on plan assets | 1,386 | 3,733 | — | —
Employer contributions | — | 1,490 | 336 | 428
Plan participants’ contributions | — | — | 287 | 185
Benefits paid | (2,863 | ) | (3,800 | ) | (623 | ) | (613 | )
Fair value of plan assets at end of year | $ | 29,045 | $ | 30,522 | $ | — | $ | —
Funded status (under funded) | $ | (3,535 | ) | $ | (4,379 | ) | $ | (5,279 | ) | $ | (10,575 | )
Unrecognized net actuarial loss (gain) | 10,743 | 14,055 | (4,606 | ) | 1,170
Unrecognized prior service cost (benefit) | (2,995 | ) | (3,281 | ) | — | —
Net amount recognized | $ | 4,213 | $ | 6,395 | $ | (9,885 | ) | $ | (9,405 | ) Assets (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance
 sheets at July 31 consisted of: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2006 | 2005 | 2006 | 2005
Prepaid benefit cost | $ | 5,857 | $ | 7,688 | $ | — | $ | —
Accrued benefit liability | (1,644 | ) | (1,293 | ) | (9,885 | ) | (9,405 | )
Net amount recognized | $ | 4,213 | $ | 6,395 | $ | (9,885 | ) | $ | (9,405 | ) The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit
 pension plans was $29,182 and $30,951 at July 31, 2006 and
 2005, respectively. Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit
 obligation in excess of plan assets at July 31: 2006 | 2005
Projected benefit obligation | $ | 2,395 | $ | 2,141
Accumulated benefit obligation | 1,556 | 1,328 Components of net periodic benefit cost for the year ended
 July 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004
Service cost | $ | 2,234 | $ | 2,013 | $ | 1,688 | $ | 253 | $ | 273 | $ | 300
Interest cost | 1,726 | 1,845 | 1,720 | 543 | 589 | 603
Expected return on plan assets | (2,300 | ) | (2,299 | ) | (2,190 | ) | — | — | —
Amortization of prior service cost | (287 | ) | (287 | ) | (287 | ) | — | — | —
Amortization of net loss | 809 | 699 | 507 | 21 | 35 | 48
Net periodic benefit cost | $ | 2,182 | $ | 1,971 | $ | 1,438 | $ | 817 | $ | 897 | $ | 951 For purposes of calculating retiree medical benefit cost, prior
 service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the
 average remaining years of service to full eligibility for
 benefits for active plan participants. For purposes of
 calculating net periodic pension cost, prior service cost is
 amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining
 years of service of the active plan participants. 46 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Assumptions Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004
Discount rate | 5.91 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | % | 6.00 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | %
Rate of compensation increase | 5.50 | 5.50 | 5.50 | N/A | N/A | N/A Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the years ended July 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004
Discount rate | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | % | 6.50 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | % | 6.50 | %
Expected long-term return on plan assets | 8.00 | 8.00 | 8.00 | N/A | N/A | N/A
Rate of compensation increase | 5.50 | 5.50 | 5.50 | N/A | N/A | N/A The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is
 established after consultation with advisors based on the
 established asset allocation. For measurement purposes, a level 5% annual rate of
 increase in the per capita cost of covered dental care benefits
 was assumed for all future years. Retirees and their
 beneficiaries contribute toward the cost of their medical and
 dental benefits. These contributions were assumed to increase at
 the same rates assumed for medical benefit increases. Increase
 rates for the medical plan were assumed as follows: 2006 | 2005 | 2004
Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year | 8.0 | % | 8.5 | % | 9.0 | %
Rate to which the cost trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) | 5.0 | % | 5.0 | % | 5.0 | %
Year the rate reaches ultimate trend rate | 2013 | 2013 | 2013 Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect
 on the amounts reported for health care plans. A
 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend
 rates (medical and vision) would have the following effects: One | One
Percentage | Percentage
Point | Point
Increase | Decrease
Effect on total of service and interest cost | $ | 149 | $ | (118 | )
Effect on postretirement benefit obligation | 786 | (645 | ) Plan
 Assets The Company’s pension plan weighted-average asset
 allocations at July 31 were as follows: 2006 | 2005 | 2004
Asset category:
Equity securities | 78.5 | % | 75.0 | % | 74.7 | %
Debt securities | 20.7 | 25.0 | 25.3
Cash and equivalents | 0.8 | 0.0 | 0.0
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % 47 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Pension obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the
 expected return on pension plan assets and discount rate
 assumptions. Other post retirement benefit obligations and
 expenses are most sensitive to discount rate assumptions and
 health care cost trend rate. Diamond determines the expected
 return on pension plan assets based on an expectation of the
 average annual returns over an extended period of time. This
 expectation is based, in part, on the actual returns achieved by
 the Company’s pension plan in prior periods. The Company
 also considers the weighted average historical rate of returns
 on securities with similar characteristics to those in which the
 Company’s pension assets are invested. The investment objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize
 total returns within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The
 plan asset allocations are a key element in achieving the
 expected investment returns on plan assets. The asset allocation
 strategy targets an allocation of 70% for equity securities and
 30% for debt securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected
 cash flow needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within
 acceptable ranges due to market value variability. If
 fluctuations cause an asset class to fall outside its strategic
 asset allocation range, the portfolio will be rebalanced as
 appropriate. Cash
 Flows Estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future
 service, as appropriate, expected to be paid are as follows: Pension | Other
Benefits | Benefits
2007 | $ | 1,145 | $ | 240
2008 | 1,270 | 234
2009 | 2,156 | 266
2010 | 1,300 | 273
2011 | 2,549 | 306
2012 — 2016 | 12,271 | 1,750 Medicare
 Modernization Act The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization
 Act of 2003 (the “Act”) was signed into law in
 December 2003. The Act introduces a prescription drug benefit
 under Medicare (“Medicare Part D”), as well as a
 federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans
 that provide a prescription drug benefit that is at least
 actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The
 Company’s health and welfare providers applied for and
 received the subsidy. The benefit of the subsidy was reflected
 in the Company’s health and welfare premiums effective
 January 1, 2006. Accordingly, the effects of the Act, which
 were not significant, were recognized for the year ended
 July 31, 2006. Defined
 Contribution Plan The Company also recognized defined contribution plan expenses
 of $368, $301 and $324 for the years ended July 31, 2006,
 2005, and 2004, respectively. Termination
 of Defined Benefit Plan On July 25, 2006, the Company determined it will terminate
 the qualified defined benefit pension plan covering all salaried
 employees. The termination process is expected to be completed
 during the fiscal year ending July 31, 2007. At
 July 31, 2006, the terminal funding liability is not known.
 Based on amounts recorded in the Company’s financial
 statements as of July 31, 2006, termination of the plan
 will likely result in a non-cash settlement charge of
 approximately $3 million in fiscal year 2007. 48 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (14) | Other Operating Expenses Other operating expenses include restructuring costs of
 approximately $1 million, principally related to the
 closure of Diamond’s Lemont facility and consolidation of
 operations in its Fishers facility. On May 9th, 2006,
 Diamond announced the closing of its Lemont, Illinois facility,
 which primarily packages in-shell nuts and processes and packs
 certain other culinary and snack products, and plan to shift
 these activities to the Harmony facility. As a result of closing
 the Lemont facility, Diamond eliminated approximately 20
 positions and recorded expenses of approximately $500 related to
 employee severance and benefit costs, and $500 of other costs. Also included in other operating expenses are the estimated
 costs of $1.4 million of terminating two contracts, one
 with PG&E associated with Diamond’s cogeneration plant
 and one associated with a former distributor for Germany; and
 professional service fees of $1.0 million related to the
 identification of California Enterprise Zone tax credits for
 years prior to 2006. (15) | Subsequent Event In September 2006, Diamond completed the sale of its Lemont
 facility to a third party for $3.2 million and recognized a
 pre-tax gain of approximately $1 million. (16) | Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited) First | Second | Third | Fourth
Quarter | Quarter | Quarter | Quarter
Year ended July 31, 2006
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 178,060 | $ | 124,157 | $ | 67,798 | $ | 107,190
Gross margin | 22,811 | 18,570 | 8,428 | 15,587
Operating expenses | 15,784 | 13,291 | 13,567 | 15,823
Net income (loss) | 4,074 | 3,077 | (3,175 | ) | 3,360
Diluted earnings per share | 0.26 | 0.20 | (0.20 | ) | 0.21
Diluted shares (in thousands) | 15,634 | 15,587 | 15,668 | 15,722
Year ended July 31, 2005
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 172,758 | $ | 112,488 | $ | 79,633 | $ | 97,669
Proceeds before operating expenses | 209,225 | 12,929 | 8,736 | 6,020
Operating expenses | 17,639 | 14,661 | 11,303 | 11,738
Net proceeds (loss) | 191,293 | (2,252 | ) | (3,232 | ) | (3,013 | )
Year ended July 31, 2004
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 142,236 | $ | 90,832 | $ | 56,425 | $ | 70,190
Proceeds before operating expenses | 189,962 | 16,123 | 8,689 | 9,019
Operating expenses | 10,550 | 14,236 | 9,793 | 8,263
Net proceeds (loss) | 176,630 | 1,137 | (341 | ) | 165 49 Table of Contents Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures We, under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the
 design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
 that, as of July 31, 2006, our disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective to ensure that information required to
 be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The annual report of our management on internal control over
 financial reporting and the report of Deloitte and Touche LLP,
 our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding our
 internal control over financial reporting is provided in
 Item 8 of this report. There were no changes in our internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) during our fiscal quarter ended
 July 31, 2006, that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
 over financial reporting Item 9B. | Other Information Not applicable. PART III Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the subheadings
 “Proposal No. 1 — Election of
 Directors — Directors/Nominees,” “Executive
 Compensation — Executive Officers”,
 “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
 Compliance” and “Corporate Governance and Board of
 Directors Matters” of the Company’s Proxy Statement
 for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on
 January 16, 2007 (the “2007 Proxy Statement”). Item 11. | Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the headings “Executive
 Compensation” and “Corporate Governance and Board of
 Directors Matters” in the 2007 Proxy Statement. Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the subheadings “Executive
 Compensation — Equity Compensation Plan
 Information” and “Stock Ownership of Principal
 Stockholders and Management” in the 2007 Proxy Statement. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the subheadings “Certain Relationships and
 Related Party Transactions” section of the 2007 Proxy
 Statement. 50 Table of Contents Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference from the “Proposal No. 2 —
 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm — Audit Fees” section of the 2007
 Proxy Statement. PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements. (a) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (b) Consolidated Balance Sheets at July 31, 2006 and
 2005 (c) Consolidated Statement of Operations (2006)/ Net
 Proceeds (2005 and 2004) (d) Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders’/Members’ Equity for the years ended
 July 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 (e) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended July 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 (f) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because the required information is
 included with the Consolidated Financial Statements. 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are
 incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the
 SEC. Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
2 | .01 | Form of Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Conversion | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 18, 2005
3 | .01 | Certificate of Incorporation, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 15, 2005
3 | .02 | Restated Bylaws. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
4 | .01 | Form of Certificate for common stock | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 18, 2005
10 | .01 | Form of Indemnity Agreement between Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .02* | 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of stock option agreement, stock option exercise agreement and restricted stock purchase agreement | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .03* | 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription agreement | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .04* | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. 401(k) Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .05* | Diamond Foods, Inc. Annual Bonus Program | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | October 25, 2005
10 | .06* | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. Retirement Restoration Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005 51 Table of Contents Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
10 | .07* | Diamond of California Management Pension Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .08 | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. Pension Plan, as restated | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .09* | Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 1997, between Registrant and Michael J. Mendes | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .10* | Description of Compensation Arrangement for Gary K. Ford | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .11* | Offer Letter, dated October 11, 2004, for Seth Halio | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .12* | Description of Compensation Arrangement for Samuel J. Keiper | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .13* | Description of Director Compensation Arrangements | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .14 | Preferred Securities Purchase Agreement and accompanying agreements, dated August 20, 1998, between Registrant, DW Capital Trust I and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .15 | Note Purchase Agreement, dated July 17, 2001, between Registrant, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .16 | Intercreditor Agreement, dated September 11, 2002, between Bank of the West and CoBank, ACB | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .17 | Master Loan Agreement, dated February 23, 2004, between Registrant and CoBank, ACB, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .18 | Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2004, between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .19 | Form of Walnut Purchase Agreement. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .20 | Trademark Agreement, dated July 1, 2002, between Registrant and Blue Diamond Growers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .21 | Rights Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2005, by and between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .22 | Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2005, between Registrant, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Pru & Co. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .23 | Consent of Bank of the West, dated March 17, 2005, relating to Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2004, between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005 52 Table of Contents Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
10 | .24 | Form of Change of Control and Retention Agreement between Registrant and each of its executive officers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .25 | Waiver regarding 7.20% Cumulative Recourse Offered Preferred Securities, dated as of June 1, 2005, by Wilmington Trust Co., as Property Trustee and Delaware Trustee of the DW Capital Trust I, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 15, 2005
10 | .26 | Amendment of Credit Agreement dated December 2,2004 between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | September 8, 2006
10 | .27 | Amendment to Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | September 20, 2006
21 | .01 | List of Subsidiaries | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
23 | .01 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | X
31 | .01 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer | X
31 | .02 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer | X
32 | .01 | Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer | X * | Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement All other schedules, which are included in the applicable
 accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, are not required here because they are not
 applicable. 53 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized. DIAMOND FOODS, INC. By: | /s/Seth Halio Seth Halio Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated. Name | Title | Signature Date
/s/ Michael J. Mendes Michael J. Mendes | President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) | October 12, 2006
/s/ Seth Halio Seth Halio | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) | October 12, 2006
/s/ Laurence M. Baer Laurence M. Baer | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ John J. Gilbert John J. Gilbert | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Robert M. Lea Robert M. Lea | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Dennis Mussell Dennis Mussell | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Steven M. Neil Steven M. Neil | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Joseph P. Silveira Joseph P. Silveira | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Glen C. Warren, Jr. Glen C. Warren, Jr. | Director | October 12, 2006
/s/ Robert J. Zollars Robert J. Zollars | Director | October 12, 2006 54 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit
Number | Exhibit Description
23 | .01 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
31 | .01 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer
31 | .02 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer
32 | .01 | Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer