DEF 14A 1 f53859ddef14a.htm DEF 14A def14a Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o | Preliminary Proxy Statement
o | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
þ | Definitive Proxy Statement
o | Definitive Additional Materials
o | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): o | No fee required
o | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11 (1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid: o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2010 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY STATEMENT
PROPOSAL NO. 1 -- ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE.
PROPOSAL NO. 2 -- RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
THE BOARD RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP.
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
MANAGEMENT
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
PENSION BENEFITS
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
OTHER BUSINESS Table of Contents November 23,
 2009 To our stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend our 2010 annual meeting of
 stockholders (“Annual Meeting”) to be held at
 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111 on
 Friday, January 15, 2010 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time. The matters to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described
 in detail in the accompanying notice of the 2010 Annual Meeting
 and proxy statement. The annual meeting materials include the
 notice, proxy statement, our annual report and proxy card, all
 of which are enclosed. Please use this opportunity to contribute to our company by
 voting on the matters to come before this Annual Meeting. Stockholders who hold shares in their own name through our
 transfer agent, Computershare, or who hold physical stock
 certificates can cast their vote online or by telephone. To
 vote online or by telephone, follow the instructions for online
 voting contained within your Annual Meeting materials. If you do
 not wish to vote online or by telephone, please complete, date,
 sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed
 postage-paid envelope promptly so that your shares will be
 represented at the Annual Meeting. Voting online, by telephone
 or by returning the proxy card does not deprive you of your
 right to attend the Annual Meeting and to vote your shares in
 person. Sincerely, Michael J. Mendes President and Chief Executive Officer Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 NOTICE OF
 2010 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To our stockholders: Our 2010 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”) will be held at 333 Battery Street,
 San Francisco, California 94111 on Friday, January 15,
 2010 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
 upon the following matters: 1. The election of three Class II members to our Board
 of Directors, each to serve until our 2013 annual meeting of
 stockholders and until his successor has been elected and
 qualified or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.
 Our Board of Directors intends to present the following nominees
 for election as directors: Robert M. Lea, Dennis Mussell and
 Glen C. Warren, Jr. 2. The ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2010. 3. The transaction of any other business that may properly
 come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
 postponement of the Annual Meeting. These items of business are more fully described in the attached
 proxy statement. Only stockholders of record at the close of
 business on November 17, 2009 are entitled to notice of and
 to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement
 of the Annual Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors Stephen Kim Secretary San Francisco, California November 23, 2009 Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, by telephone, or by
 completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy
 card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual
 Meeting so that your shares will be represented . Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 600 Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94111 PROXY
 STATEMENT November 23,
 2009 The accompanying proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of
 Directors of Diamond Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for
 use at the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held at
 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, California 94111 on
 Friday, January 15, 2010 at 9:00 a.m., Pacific Time.
 This proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy card
 were first mailed to stockholders on or about November 23,
 2009. Our 2009 Annual Report to Stockholders, in addition to our
 Annual Report on Form 10-K, are enclosed with this proxy statement. Record
 Date; Quorum Only holders of record of Diamond Foods common stock as of the
 close of business on November 17, 2009 will be entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the
 record date, we had 16,626,540 shares of common stock
 outstanding and entitled to vote. A majority of the shares
 outstanding on the record date, present in person or represented
 by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of
 business at the Annual Meeting. Effect of
 Abstentions and Broker Discretionary Voting Shares held by a stockholder who indicates on the proxy card
 that he or she wishes to abstain from voting will not be taken
 into account in determining the outcome of the proposal.
 However, those shares are considered present and entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting and will count toward determining
 whether or not a quorum is present. If a stockholder does not give his or her broker instructions as
 to how to vote the shares held by the broker for that
 stockholder, the broker may vote those shares on
 “routine” matters, such as the ratification of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm. Shares voted by brokers in this manner
 are counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum and for the
 purpose of determining the outcome of such “routine”
 proposals. In the event a broker indicates on a proxy that it
 does not have discretionary authority to vote certain shares on
 a particular matter, referred to as a “broker
 non-vote,” then those shares will not be considered
 entitled to vote with respect to that matter, but will be
 treated as shares present for the purpose of determining the
 presence of a quorum to transact business at the meeting. Voting
 Rights; Required Vote; Quorum Stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common
 stock held as of the record date. Directors will be elected by a
 plurality of the shares of common stock present in person or
 represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
 on the election of directors. Stockholders do not have the right
 to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Approval
 of Proposal No. 2 ratifying the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2010 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
 of the shares represented and voting at the Annual Meeting,
 either in person or by proxy. The inspector of elections
 appointed for the Annual Meeting will separately tabulate the
 relevant affirmative and negative votes, abstentions and broker
 non-votes for each proposal. A majority of the outstanding
 shares, represented at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy,
 is the quorum required to transact business at the Annual
 Meeting. Voting of
 Proxies Most stockholders have three options for submitting their votes,
 by Internet, telephone or mail. If you have Internet access, you
 may submit your proxy by following the “Vote by
 Internet” instructions on the proxy Table of Contents card. If you live in the United States or Canada, you may submit
 your proxy by following the “Vote by Telephone”
 instructions on the proxy card. If you complete and properly
 sign the proxy card you receive and return it to us in the
 prepaid envelope, your shares will be voted in accordance with
 the specifications made on the proxy card. If no specification
 is made on a signed and returned proxy card, the shares
 represented by the proxy will be voted “for” the
 appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
 independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
 year ending July 31, 2010 and in the discretion of the
 proxy holders on any other matter that may be properly brought
 before the Annual Meeting. We encourage stockholders with
 Internet access to record their votes on the Internet or,
 alternatively, to vote by telephone . Internet and telephone
 voting is convenient, saves on postage and mailing costs and is
 recorded immediately, minimizing risk that postal delays may
 cause votes to arrive late and therefore not be counted.
 Stockholders who attend the Annual Meeting may vote in person,
 and any previously submitted votes will be superseded by the
 vote cast at the Annual Meeting. Adjournment
 of Annual Meeting If the persons present or represented by proxy at the Annual
 Meeting constitute the holders of less than a majority of the
 outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date, the
 meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of
 obtaining a quorum. Expenses
 of Soliciting Proxies We will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies for the Annual
 Meeting. After the original mailing of the proxy cards and other
 soliciting materials, we and our agents also may solicit proxies
 by mail, telephone, facsimile or email. After the original
 mailing of the proxy cards and other soliciting materials, we
 will request that brokers, custodians, nominees and other record
 holders of our common stock forward copies of the proxy cards
 and other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold
 shares and request authority for the exercise of proxies. We
 will reimburse the record holders for their reasonable expenses
 if they ask us to do so. Revocability
 of Proxies Any person signing a proxy card in the form accompanying this
 proxy statement has the power to revoke it at any time before it
 is voted. Registered holders may revoke a proxy by signing and
 returning a proxy card with a later date, by delivering a
 written notice of revocation to Computershare,
 P.O. Box 43078, Providence, Rhode Island 02940, that
 the proxy is revoked or by attending the Annual Meeting and
 voting in person. The mere presence at the Annual Meeting of a
 stockholder who has previously appointed a proxy will not revoke
 the appointment. Please note, however, that if a
 stockholder’s shares are held of record by a broker, bank
 or other nominee and that stockholder wishes to vote at the
 Annual Meeting, the stockholder must bring to the Annual Meeting
 a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming the
 stockholder’s beneficial ownership of the shares and that
 the broker, bank or other nominee is not voting the shares at
 the Annual Meeting. In the event of multiple online or telephone
 votes by a stockholder, each vote will supersede the previous
 vote and the last vote cast will be deemed to be the final vote
 of the stockholder unless such vote is revoked in person at the
 Annual Meeting. Electronic
 Delivery of Stockholder Communications We encourage you to help us conserve natural resources, as well
 as significantly reduce printing and mailing costs, by signing
 up to receive your stockholder communications electronically via e-mail. With
 electronic delivery, you will be notified via e-mail as
 soon as future Annual Reports and proxy statements are available
 on the Internet, and you can submit your stockholder votes
 online. Electronic delivery also can eliminate duplicate
 mailings and reduce the amount of bulky paper documents you
 maintain in your personal files. To sign up for electronic
 delivery: Registered Owner (you hold your Diamond Foods shares in
 your own name through our transfer agent, Computershare, or you
 are in possession of stock certificates): visit www.computershare.com to enroll. 2 Table of Contents Beneficial Owner (your shares are held by a brokerage
 firm, a bank or a trustee): visit www.icsdelivery.com to
 enroll. Your electronic delivery enrollment will be effective until you
 cancel it. Stockholders who are record owners of shares of our
 common stock may call Computershare, our transfer agent, at (800) 733-5001 with questions about electronic delivery. PROPOSAL NO. 1 —
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board of Directors currently consists of ten directors,
 three of whom are the Class II directors standing for
 election at the Annual Meeting. It is intended that the proxies
 will be voted for the three nominees named below for election to
 our Board of Directors unless authority to vote for any such
 nominee is withheld. All of the nominees are presently members
 of our Board of Directors. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the
 number of nominees named. If any nominee for any reason is
 unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxies
 may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may
 determine. We are not aware of any nominee who will be unable
 to, or for good cause will not, serve as a director, and each
 nominee has confirmed that he will serve on the Board if
 elected. The term of office of each person elected as a director
 will continue until the 2013 annual meeting of our stockholders
 or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Nominees The names of the nominees, their ages and background information
 are set forth below: Director
Name of Nominee | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Robert M. Lea | 66 | Founder and Owner, Law Offices of Robert Lea | 2005
Dennis Mussell | 67 | Retired, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International | 2005
Glen C. Warren, Jr. | 53 | President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources Corporation | 2005 Robert M. Lea served as a member of the Board of
 Directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from 1993 to July 2005. Since November 2004, Mr. Lea has
 practiced law as a solo practitioner with the Law Offices of
 Robert Lea, which he founded. From January 2004 to November
 2004, Mr. Lea served as the Managing Partner of Lea and
 Shepherd, a law firm. From 1984 to December 2003, he was a
 partner of the law firm Lea & Arruti. Mr. Lea
 holds a B.A. from the University of California, Davis and a J.D.
 from the University of California, Berkeley, School of Law
 (Boalt Hall). Dennis Mussell is the retired former President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International, a
 packaged seafood company, after serving from August 1997 until
 January 2005. Prior to holding this position, he served in
 various senior capacities with Van Camp Seafood Company, Inc.,
 the predecessor corporation to Chicken of the Sea International,
 including most recently Chief Operating Officer.
 Mr. Mussell has extensive work experience in the packaged
 food industry. He holds a B.S. from Southwest Missouri State
 University. Glen C. Warren, Jr. has served as President, Chief
 Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources
 Corporation, a natural gas exploration and production company,
 since June 2002. Prior to joining Antero Resources Corporation,
 he served as a Managing Director of Concert Energy Advisors, an
 investment banking advisory firm to energy companies, from
 November 2001 to June 2002. From 1998 to March 2001,
 Mr. Warren served as Chief Financial Officer, Executive
 Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors of Pennaco
 Energy, Inc., an energy exploration and production company, from
 1998 to March 2001. From 1989 to 1998, he was an investment
 banker with Dillon, Read & Co., Inc., Kidder,
 Peabody & Co. Incorporated and Lehman Brothers Inc.
 Mr. Warren holds a B.A. from the University of Mississippi,
 a J.D. from the University of Mississippi School of Law and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. 3 Table of Contents The four directors listed below are Class III members of
 the Board. Their terms expire at the 2011 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
John J. Gilbert | 66 | Owner and President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc. | 2005
Steven M. Neil | 57 | Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005
Robert J. Zollars | 52 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc. | 2005
Edward A. Blechschmidt | 57 | Retired, director on four public company boards | 2008 John J. Gilbert is our Chairman of the Board of
 Directors. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors
 of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers, from 1996 to
 July 2005. Since 1983, Mr. Gilbert has been the owner and
 President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc., each of
 which is a family corporation focusing on walnuts. He holds a
 B.S. from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis
 Obispo. Steven M. Neil has served as Executive Vice President,
 Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond since
 March 2008. In addition, Mr. Neil has served on our Board
 of Directors since July 2005. Prior to joining Diamond,
 Mr. Neil was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer of The Cooper Companies, Inc., a company that
 manufactures specialty healthcare products, from April 2007
 until March 2008. From January 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Neil
 was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper
 Companies. From July 2003 to January 2005, he served as
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 of Ocular Sciences, Inc., a contact lens company. From October
 1997 to June 2003, he was Executive Vice President, Finance,
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Sola
 International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. He holds a B.A.
 from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. Robert J. Zollars has served as Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a company
 providing instant wireless communications solutions, since June
 2007. From May 2006 to June 2007, Mr. Zollars was President
 and Chief Executive Officer of Wound Care Solutions, LLC, a
 holding company that operates chronic wound care centers in
 partnership with hospitals in the U.S. From July 1999 to
 March 2006, Mr. Zollars was chairman of the Board of
 Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Neoforma, Inc., a
 provider of supply chain management solutions for the healthcare
 industry. From 1997 to July 1999, he served as Executive Vice
 President and Group President of Cardinal Health, Inc., a
 healthcare products and services company. Earlier in his career,
 while employed at Baxter International, a healthcare products
 and services company, Mr. Zollars served as President of a
 dietary products joint venture between Baxter International and
 Kraft General Foods. He holds a B.S. from Arizona State
 University and an M.B.A. from John F. Kennedy University. Edward A. Blechschmidt was Chief Executive Officer of
 Novelis Corp. from December 2006 until its sale to the Birla
 Group on May 2007. He was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
 President of Gentiva Health Services, Inc., a leading provider
 of specialty pharmaceutical and home health care services, from
 March 2000 to June 2002. From March 1999 to March 2000,
 Mr. Blechschmidt served as Chief Executive Officer and a
 director of Olsten Corporation, the conglomerate from which
 Gentiva Health Services was split off and taken public. He
 served as President of Olsten from October 1998 to March 1999.
 He also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
 Siemens Nixdorf America and Siemens Pyramid Technologies from
 July 1996 to October 1998. Prior to Siemens, he spent more than
 20 years with Unisys Corporation, including serving as its
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Blechschmidt serves as a
 director of Healthsouth Corp., Lionbridge Technologies, Inc.,
 and Columbia Laboratories, Inc. 4 Table of Contents The three directors below are Class I members of the Board.
 Their terms expire at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholder. Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Joseph P. Silveira | 62 | President of Farmland Management Services, Inc. | 2005
Laurence M. Baer | 52 | President, San Francisco Giants | 2005
Michael J. Mendes | 46 | President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005 Joseph P. Silveira served as a member of Board of
 Directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from June 2002 to July 2005. Since 1994, Mr. Silveira has
 served as President of Farmland Management Services, Inc., an
 agricultural services company, directing property acquisitions,
 operations, leases and sales. He holds a B.S. from California
 Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo. Laurence M. Baer has served as the President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club, a major league baseball
 team, since October 2008. Prior to becoming President,
 Mr. Baer was Executive Vice President of the
 San Francisco Giants Baseball Club since 1992 and was its
 Chief Operating Officer since 1996. From 1990 until 1992, he
 served as Assistant to the Chairman of CBS, Inc., a media and
 entertainment corporation. Mr. Baer holds a B.A. from the
 University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from Harvard
 Business School. Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company, an
 international food company, from 1989 to 1991. Mr. Mendes
 has served as Chairman of the Grocery Manufactures
 Association’s President’s Advisory Council and
 currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He is
 currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a wine
 company, and has served on the boards of various industry
 associations. He holds a B.S. from the California Polytechnic
 State University, San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the
 Anderson School of Management at the University of California,
 Los Angeles. CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS We are committed to maintaining high standards of business
 conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are essential
 to running our business efficiently, serving our stockholders
 well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. We have
 adopted a code of conduct and ethics for directors, officers and
 employees, known as the Diamond Code of Conduct. Our certificate
 of incorporation, bylaws, committee charters and Diamond Code of
 Conduct form our corporate governance framework. The Diamond
 Code of Conduct and the charters governing the responsibilities
 and duties of each of the Audit Committee, Compensation
 Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee are available
 through the investor relations page at our web site: www.diamondfoods.com . We will post on this web site any
 amendments to the Diamond Code of Conduct or waivers of the
 Diamond Code of Conduct for our directors and executive officers. Composition
 of Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has ten authorized members, who are John
 Gilbert, Robert Lea, Joseph Silveira, Laurence Baer, Dennis
 Mussell, Steven Neil, Glen Warren, Robert Zollars, Edward
 Blechschmidt and Michael Mendes. Our Board is divided into three classes: • | Class I directors, whose terms expire at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders;
• | Class II directors, whose terms expire at the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders; and
• | Class III directors, whose terms expire at the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders. 5 Table of Contents At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to
 directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from
 the time of their election and qualification until the third
 annual meeting following their election. Board of
 Directors Meetings and Committees During the 2009 fiscal year, our Board of Directors met six
 times and acted by unanimous written consent once. No director
 attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the
 Board held while the director served and the total number of
 meetings held by all committees of the Board of Directors on
 which the director served during the 2009 fiscal year. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews
 and evaluates our financial statements, accounting practices and
 internal audit and control functions, selects our independent
 auditors and reviews the results and scope of the audit and
 other services provided by our independent auditors. The members
 of our Audit Committee currently are Mr. Silveira,
 Mr. Mussell and Mr. Blechschmidt, with
 Mr. Blechschmidt serving as chairman of the committee. The
 Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Blechschmidt
 qualifies as an “Audit Committee financial expert” as
 defined by the rules of the SEC and that all of the members of
 the Audit Committee are independent under applicable NASDAQ
 listing standards. The Audit Committee met five times during
 fiscal 2009. Compensation Committee. The Compensation
 Committee reviews and determines the compensation and benefits
 of our officers and directors. The committee also administers
 our equity compensation and employee benefits plans and reviews
 general policies relating to compensation and benefits. To
 support the committee’s duties, Diamond has commissioned
 compensation studies from Radford Surveys and Consulting, a
 division of Aon Consulting (“Radford”), to provide the
 committee and management with benchmarks regarding base salary,
 bonus, and long-term equity incentives for executive officers.
 The members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Baer,
 Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with Mr. Zollars
 serving as chairman of the committee. The Board of Directors has
 determined that all of the members of the Compensation Committee
 are independent directors as defined under applicable NASDAQ
 listing standards. The Compensation Committee met twice during
 fiscal 2009. Role of Independent Consultant. In fiscal 2009
 we retained Radford to serve as a third-party compensation
 consultant to assist both management and the Compensation
 Committee in evaluating executive compensation programs and
 amounts of executive and director compensation. Our General
 Counsel and our Human Resources department provide the
 information requested by Radford in the preparation of its
 compensation-related recommendations for the Compensation
 Committee. Radford meets with the Chairman of the Compensation
 Committee to review its recommendations in advance of delivery
 of the final report to the Compensation Committee. We believe
 that utilizing an independent compensation consultant helps us
 assure that our executive compensation programs are reasonable
 and consistent with our objectives. In fiscal 2009, we instructed Radford to review market data for
 base salaries, actual total cash compensation, annualized value
 of long-term incentive awards, and actual total direct
 compensation for our named executive officers. Radford
 recommended that compensation levels within 20% above or below
 the median, in the case of cash compensation, and 35% above or
 below the median in the case of equity compensation, to be
 within competitive norms for senior management level positions.
 Radford was not instructed to make recommendations about the
 form of executive compensation, but was informed about the
 elements of executive compensation we use and instructed to
 recommend appropriate ranges for each of those compensation
 elements. Accordingly, Radford developed benchmarks for compensation of
 the principal executive officer and the principal financial
 officer from a peer group of eleven public companies based on
 their public proxy statement disclosures. Radford also developed
 benchmarks for other executive officer compensation by analyzing
 the results of three third-party reports on executive
 compensation paid by entities of similar revenue size in the
 non-durable goods manufacturing and food industries. The reports
 were “Executive Compensation Survey, 2008” (William M.
 Mercer), “Top Management Compensation, Regression Analysis
 Report, 2008/2009” (Watson Wyatt Data Services) and
 “CDB Executive Compensation Database, 2007 Single
 Regression Report” 6 Table of Contents (Towers Perrin). The Compensation Committee used the information
 derived from the peer group to assist it in making compensation
 decisions for our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, since those were the positions that were most easily
 matched in the peer group. The Compensation Committee used the
 result from the third party surveys to assist in making
 compensation decisions for the other named executive officers. Nominating and Governance Committee. The
 Nominating and Governance Committee makes recommendations to our
 Board of Directors concerning candidates for election as
 directors and other corporate governance related matters. The
 members of our Nominating and Governance Committee are
 Mr. Mussell, Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with
 Mr. Warren serving as chairman of the committee. The Board
 of Directors has determined that all of the members of the
 Nominating and Governance Committee are independent directors as
 defined under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The
 Nominating and Governance committee did not meet during fiscal
 2009. Consideration
 of Director Nominees Director Qualifications. The goal of the
 Nominating and Governance Committee is to ensure that the
 members of our Board of Directors have a variety of perspectives
 and skills derived from high-quality business and professional
 experience. The Nominating and Governance Committee seeks to
 achieve a balance of knowledge, experience and capability on our
 Board of Directors. To this end, the committee seeks nominees
 with high professional and personal integrity, an understanding
 of our business lines and industry, diversity of business
 experience and expertise, broad-based business acumen and the
 ability to think strategically. In addition, the committee
 considers the level of the candidate’s commitment to active
 participation as a director, both at Board and committee
 meetings and otherwise. Although the committee uses these and
 other criteria to evaluate potential nominees, we have not
 established any particular minimum criteria for nominees. When
 appropriate, the committee may retain executive recruitment
 firms to assist in identifying suitable candidates. After its
 evaluation of potential nominees, the committee submits nominees
 to the Board of Directors for approval. The committee does not
 use different standards to evaluate nominees depending on
 whether they are proposed by our directors and management or by
 our stockholders. Stockholder Nominees. The Nominating and
 Governance Committee will consider stockholder recommendations
 for director candidates. If a stockholder would like to
 recommend a director candidate for the possible election at the
 next annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must
 deliver the recommendation to our Corporate Secretary at our
 principal executive offices no later than the close of business
 on the 75th day and no earlier than the close of business
 on the 105th day prior to the anniversary date of the
 mailing of our proxy statement in connection with the previous
 year’s annual meeting of stockholders. However, if the next
 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more than
 30 days earlier or more than 60 days later than the
 anniversary of the prior year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders, then nominations must be received not earlier than
 close of business on the 105th day prior to the annual
 meeting and not later than close of business on the later to
 occur of (i) the 75th day prior to the annual meeting
 or (ii) the 10th day after the date we first publicly
 announced the date of the annual meeting. Recommendations for candidates should be accompanied by the
 information required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws.
 A stockholder recommending a candidate may be asked to submit
 additional information as determined by our Corporate Secretary
 and as necessary to satisfy the rules of the Securities and
 Exchange Commission or The NASDAQ Stock Market. If a
 stockholder’s recommendation is received within the time
 period set forth above and the stockholder has met the criteria
 set forth above, the Nominating and Governance Committee will
 evaluate such candidate, along with the other candidates being
 evaluated by the committee, in accordance with the
 committee’s charter and will apply the criteria described
 in this section. Independent
 Directors The Board of Directors has determined that each of
 Mr. Baer, Mr. Blechschmidt, Mr. Mussell,
 Mr. Warren, Mr. Silveira and Mr. Zollars is an
 “independent director” under applicable NASDAQ listing
 standards, a “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and an
 “outside director” as defined pursuant to
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 Mr. Baer is 7 Table of Contents the President of the San Francisco Giants, with whom we
 have a corporate sponsorship arrangement. In connection with the
 sponsorship, we paid the San Francisco Giants a fee and
 receive sampling, signage and other brand exposure benefits at
 AT&T Park during the baseball season. The amount of the fee
 is not material to Diamond or the San Francisco Giants, and
 Mr. Baer does not receive any material direct or indirect
 benefit from the fee that would impair his independence.
 Mr. Silveira is the President of Farmland Management
 Services, which provides farming services to clients. One of
 Farmland Management’s clients is John Hancock, an insurance
 company that operates a number of farming assets including
 walnut orchards from which we purchase walnuts.
 Mr. Silveira receives a management fee from John Hancock
 for providing farming services, which is unrelated to the
 purchase price we pay to John Hancock for walnuts. We do not
 believe that Mr. Silveira has a material direct or indirect
 interest in our arrangement with John Hancock that would impair
 his independence. Communication
 with the Board You may contact the Board of Directors by sending a letter
 addressed to the Board of Directors, care of Corporate
 Secretary, Diamond Foods, Inc., 600 Montgomery Street, 17th
 Floor, San Francisco, California 94111. An employee will
 forward these letters directly to the Board of Directors, except
 for spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product complaints or
 inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or
 advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
 material. We may forward correspondence, such as product-related
 inquiries, elsewhere within Diamond for review and possible
 response. We reserve the right not to forward to the Board of
 Directors any abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate
 materials. Director
 Attendance at Meetings Each member of the Board of Directors is expected to be
 available to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of the
 Board and any committees on which the director serves, and our
 annual meeting of stockholders. All directors attended our last
 annual meeting. Each director is expected to make his best
 effort to attend all special Board and applicable committee
 meetings. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH
 NOMINEE. PROPOSAL NO. 2 —
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has appointed
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending July 31,
 2010, and our stockholders are being asked to ratify the Audit
 Committee’s appointment. Deloitte & Touche LLP
 has served as our independent registered public accounting firm
 since 1998. Representatives of Deloitte & Touche LLP
 are expected to be present at our Annual Meeting, will have the
 opportunity to make a statement at the Annual Meeting if they
 desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate
 questions. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the Audit
 Committee will reconsider its appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2010. Even if this appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee,
 in its discretion, may direct the appointment of a different
 independent registered public accounting firm at any time during
 the year if the Audit Committee determines that such a change
 would be in our best interests as well as the best interests of
 our stockholders. 8 Table of Contents Audit
 Fees The following table presents information regarding the fees
 estimated and billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP and
 affiliated entities for the 2009 and 2008 fiscal years. For the Year
Ended July 31,
Nature of Services | 2009 | 2008
(In thousands)
Audit Fees | $ | 976 | $ | 896
Audit-related Fees | — | —
Tax Fees | — | —
All Other Fees | — | —
Total Fees | $ | 976 | $ | 896 Audit Fees. This category includes services
 provided in connection with the audit of our annual,
 consolidated financial statements, the review of our unaudited,
 quarterly consolidated financial statements, review of our
 periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, and for fiscal 2009, audit activities
 associated with an acquisition. For fiscal 2009 and 2008, audit
 fees also includes fees for evaluation of our internal control
 over financial reporting. Audit-related Fees. We did not incur any
 audit-related fees during fiscal 2009 or fiscal 2008. Tax Fees. We did not incur any Tax Fees during
 fiscal 2009 or 2008. All Other Fees. We did not incur any other
 fees during fiscal 2009 or fiscal 2008. Audit
 Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our Audit Committee charter provides that the Audit Committee
 will approve the fees and other significant compensation to be
 paid to our independent auditors, and pre-approve all audit
 services and all non-audit services of independent auditors
 permitted under applicable law. The charter also provides that
 the Audit Committee may establish other pre-approval policies
 and procedures for the engagement of independent auditors to
 render services to us, including without limitation policies
 that would allow the delegation of pre-approval authority to one
 or more members of the Audit Committee, provided that any
 pre-approval decision is reported to the Audit Committee at its
 next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee has delegated
 pre-approval authority for up to $25,000 in expenses to the
 chairman of the Audit Committee. The chairman or the Audit
 Committee has approved all audit and audit-related work covered
 by the Audit Fees and Tax Fees. All fees listed above paid to
 our independent auditors during fiscal 2008 and 2009 were for
 work performed by the independent auditors’ full-time,
 permanent employees. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE &
 TOUCHE LLP. REPORT OF
 THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The information contained in the performance graph shall not
 be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be
 “filed” with the SEC, nor shall this information be
 incorporated by reference into any future filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 except to the extent that Diamond specifically incorporates it
 by reference into such filing. The Audit Committee is comprised of Ed Blechschmidt, Joseph
 Silveira and Dennis Mussell, all of whom have been determined to
 be independent by the Board of Directors under the applicable
 NASDAQ listing requirements and SEC rules. The Board also has
 determined that Mr. Blechschmidt is an Audit Committee
 financial expert as defined by the SEC. The committee operates
 under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. A
 copy of the Audit Committee’s charter is available on
 Diamond Foods’ website at http://www.diamondfoods.com or to any stockholder otherwise requesting a copy. 9 Table of Contents The primary function of the Audit Committee is to provide advice
 with respect to Diamond Foods’ financial matters and to
 assist the Board of Directors in fulfilling its oversight
 responsibilities regarding (i) the quality and integrity of
 Diamond Foods’ financial statements, (ii) compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the
 qualifications and independence of the independent registered
 public accounting firm serving as Diamond Foods’ auditors
 and (iv) the performance of Diamond Foods’ internal
 audit function and the independent auditors. Management is responsible for Diamond Foods’ internal
 controls and the financial reporting process. The independent
 auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of
 Diamond Foods’ consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and to
 issue a report thereon. The Audit Committee’s
 responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial
 statements of Diamond Foods for the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2009 with management, and management represented
 that the financial statements of Diamond Foods were prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America. Management has also represented that
 they have assessed the effectiveness of the company’s
 internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31,
 2009 and determined that as of that date, the company has
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
 The Audit Committee discussed with Deloitte & Touche
 LLP matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing
 Standards (“SAS”) No. 61 (Communication with
 Audit Committees) as amended by SAS No. 91. The Audit Committee has (1) reviewed and discussed the
 audited financial statements with management, (2) discussed
 with Deloitte & Touche LLP, our independent registered
 public accounting firm (“D&T”), the matters
 required to be discussed by the SAS No. 61,
 (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from
 D&T required by applicable requirements of the Public
 Company Accounting Oversight Board, and has discussed the
 auditors’ independence with D&T and (4) reviewed
 and discussed with management and D&T management’s
 assertions regarding internal financial controls. Based upon
 these discussions and reviews, the Audit Committee recommended
 to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements
 be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2009 filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Audit Committee
 of the Board of Directors. Ed Blechschmidt, Chairman Joseph Silveira Dennis Mussell 10 Table of Contents STOCK
 OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table presents information regarding the
 beneficial ownership of our common stock as of November 17,
 2009 by each of our directors, each of our named executive
 officers, all of our directors and executive officers as a group
 and each stockholder known to us owning more than 5% of our
 common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership for the
 table is based on 16,626,540 shares of our common stock
 outstanding as of November 17, 2009. To our knowledge,
 except under community property laws or as otherwise noted, the
 persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and
 sole investment power over their shares of our common stock. The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is
 determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for
 any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership
 includes those shares over which the stockholder has or shares
 voting or investment control and includes those shares that the
 stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days after
 November 17, 2009 through the exercise of any stock option.
 The “Percentage of Common Stock” column treats as
 outstanding all shares underlying options held by the named
 stockholder, but not shares underlying options held by other
 stockholders. Number of Shares | % of
Name of Beneficial Owner | of Common Stock | Common Stock
Directors and Officers:
Michael J. Mendes(1) | 715,231 | 4.2 | %
Steven M. Neil(2) | 117,310 | *
Lloyd Johnson(3) | 42,250 | *
Andrew Burke(4) | 65,666 | *
Linda Segre | 10,000 | *
Stephen Kim(5) | 46,713 | *
John J. Gilbert(6)(7) | 125,926 | *
Joseph P. Silveira(7) | 51,386 | *
Robert M. Lea(7) | 74,336 | *
Laurence M. Baer(7) | 47,058 | *
Ed Blechschmidt(8) | 18,568 | *
Dennis Mussell(7) | 47,058 | *
Glen C. Warren, Jr.(7) | 57,058 | *
Robert J. Zollars(7) | 48,408 | *
All 12 current directors and executive officers as a group(9) | 1,448,400 | 8.3 | %
Other 5% Stockholders :
Friess Associates LLC(10) | 1,032,800 | 6.2 | %
Barclays Global Investors, N.A(11) | 989,778 | 6.0 | % * | Less than one percent.
(1) | Includes 496,621 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options in the next 60 days. Also includes 22,043 shares purchased by Mr. Mendes in the open market.
(2) | Includes 41,250 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(3) | Includes 8,250 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(4) | Includes 28,750 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(5) | Includes 17,387 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(6) | Includes 42,833 shares in the name of Gilbert Orchards and 20,076 shares in the name of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. and Gilbert Orchards. Mr. Gilbert has sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert and William H. Gilbert have shared voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by 11 Table of Contents Gilbert Orchards. Also includes 15,959 shares in the name of The John and Sandra Gilbert Trust DTD 3/6/2000. Mr. Gilbert is a co-trustee of the trust.
(7) | Includes 40,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(8) | Includes 10,000 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(9) | Includes an aggregate of 882,258 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options by all directors and executive officers as a group.
(10) | Based on Schedule 13G filed by Friess Associates LLC on February 13, 2009 with the SEC. The address for Friess Associates is 115 E. Snow King, Jackson, Wyoming 83001. Friess Assoicates has sole voting and dispositive power over 1,032,800 shares.
(11) | Based on Schedule 13G filed on December 31, 2008 by Barclays Global Investors, N.A., Barclays Global Fund Advisors, Barclays Global Investors, LTD, Barclays Global Investors Japan Limited, Barclays Global Investors Canada Limited, Barclays Global Investors Australia Limited and Barclays Global Investors (Deutschland) AG, as a group (collectively, “Barclays”). Barclays has sole voting power over 775,315 shares and sole dispositive power over 989,778 shares. SECTION 16(a)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
 our directors and officers, and persons who own shares
 representing more than 10% of our common stock, to file initial
 reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and
 Exchange Commission regulations also require these persons to
 furnish us with a copy of all Section 16(a) forms they
 file. Based solely on our review of the copies of the forms
 furnished to us and written representations from our executive
 officers and directors, we believe that all Section 16(a)
 filing requirements were met during the 2009 fiscal year. MANAGEMENT Executive
 Officers Name | Age | Position
Michael J. Mendes | 46 | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Steven M. Neil | 57 | Chief Financial and Administrative Officer, Executive Vice President
Lloyd J. Johnson | 47 | Chief Sales Officer, Executive Vice President
Andrew Burke | 43 | Senior Vice President, Marketing
Linda B. Segre | 49 | Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Communications
Stephen E. Kim | 40 | Vice President, General Counsel and Human Resources Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company from 1989 to
 1991. Mr. Mendes has served as Chairman of the Grocery
 Manufactures Association’s President’s Advisory
 Council and currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He
 is currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group, a wine
 company, and has served on the boards of various industry
 associations. He holds a B.S. from the California Polytechnic
 State University, San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the
 Anderson School of Management at the University of California,
 Los Angeles. Steven M. Neil has served as our Executive Vice President
 and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer since March 2008.
 Prior to joining Diamond as an executive officer, Mr. Neil
 was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The
 Cooper Companies, Inc., a company that manufactures specialty
 healthcare 12 Table of Contents products, from April 2007 until March 2008. From January 2005 to
 April 2007, Mr. Neil was Vice President and Chief Financial
 Officer of The Cooper Companies. From 2003 to January 2005, he
 served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
 Secretary of Ocular Sciences, Inc., a contact lens company. From
 1997 to 2003, he was Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Sola
 International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. He holds a B.A.
 from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. Lloyd J. Johnson has served as our Executive Vice
 President and Chief Sales Officer since September 2008. From
 July 2005 until August 2008, Mr. Johnson was a Senior Vice
 President for Expedia Inc., an online travel service company,
 during which time he managed various divisions within the
 Partner Services Group. Prior to joining Expedia,
 Mr. Johnson was employed at Kraft Foods, Inc., a food
 company, where he was Vice President, Sales and Customer
 Development, Kraft Canada from January 2005 to June 2005, and
 Customer Vice President, Kroger, from 2001 to 2004. Earlier in
 his career, Mr. Johnson held a variety of sales and sales
 management positions of increasing responsibility at Nabisco
 Biscuit Company and Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery.
 Mr. Johnson holds a B.A. from Eastern Washington University. Andrew Burke has served as our Senior Vice President of
 Marketing since March 2007. From June 2006 to March 2007,
 Mr. Burke was our Vice President of Marketing. From 2004
 until June 2006, Mr. Burke served as Vice President,
 Marketing for Economy Wine, Spirits, Sparkling Wine and
 Beverages, at Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery. From 1997
 until 2004, Mr. Burke worked at Kraft Foods, Inc. in a
 variety of capacities, including as a Category Business Director
 from September 2003 to September 2004 and a Senior Brand Manager
 from 2001 until 2003. Prior to Kraft, Mr. Burke worked at
 Young & Rubicam, Inc., as an Account Supervisor and
 Financial Analyst, and Laura Ashley, as a financial and
 inventory analyst. Mr. Burke holds an M.B.A from Fordham
 University and a B.A. from Rutgers. Linda B. Segre has served as Senior Vice President,
 Corporate Strategy and Communications since August 2009. From
 September 2006 until April 2009, she was a Managing Director at
 Google.org, the corporate philanthropy organization of Google
 Inc., where she oversaw the climate change and global
 development initiatives and managed all operational aspects of
 the organization. From 1995 until September 2006, Ms. Segre
 was Vice President, Officer and Director at The Boston
 Consulting Group, a global management consulting firm, and
 served as the Managing Director of the San Francisco office
 from 2001 until September 2005. She first joined The Boston
 Consulting Group in 1987 and worked in a number of roles with
 increasing responsibilities until she became a Vice President in
 1995. During her tenure at Boston Consulting group, she focused
 on serving clients in the consumer goods and financial services
 sectors. From 1981 until 1985, Ms. Segre was a touring golf
 professional in the United States, Europe and Asia.
 Ms. Segre holds a B.A. from Stanford University and an
 M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Stephen E. Kim has served as Vice President, General
 Counsel and Human Resources since January 2008. From May 2005 to
 January 2008, he served as Vice President, General Counsel.
 Previously, he served as General Counsel for Oblix, Inc., a
 software company in Cupertino, California, from 2000 to March
 2005. Before joining Oblix, Inc., Mr. Kim was an attorney
 with Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich and Rosati, a law firm located in
 Palo Alto, California, from 1996 to 1999 and Weil
 Gotshal & Manages, a law firm located in New York, New
 York, from 1994 to 1996. Mr. Kim earned a B.A. from Johns
 Hopkins University and a J.D. from New York University School of
 Law. COMPENSATION
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In this section we provide an explanation and analysis of the
 material elements of the compensation arrangements for our Chief
 Executive Officer and the other executive officers (including
 one former executive officer) named in the Summary Compensation
 Table on page 21 (referred to as our “named executive
 officers”) in fiscal year 2009. The purpose of this
 discussion is to provide the context for the presentation of the
 specific compensation paid to our named executive officers, as
 shown in the tables and narrative disclosure that follow. 13 Table of Contents Diamond’s
 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The objective of our executive compensation program is to
 attract, retain and motivate executives of exceptional ability
 who will provide strong leadership for Diamond and increase
 stockholder value. To that end, our executive compensation is
 designed to be competitive with our industry, taking into
 account performance and scope of responsibility, and to have a
 significant portion of each named executive officer’s total
 compensation “at-risk” through both near- and
 long-term incentive compensation arrangements. We design these
 incentives to reward accomplishment of individual goals,
 accomplishment of corporate strategic objectives and increases
 in stockholder value. Executive
 Compensation Processes Role of the Compensation Committee. The
 Compensation Committee (referred to as the
 “Committee”) of our Board of Directors makes all
 decisions regarding compensation for our named executive
 officers other than our Chief Executive Officer. With respect to
 the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee makes its
 compensation recommendations to the Board of Directors (other
 than Mr. Mendes and Mr. Neil) for approval.
 Information regarding the Committee and its role is provided on
 page 6 under the heading “Corporate Governance and
 Board of Directors Matters — Compensation
 Committee.” Benchmark Survey Data. In making its fiscal
 2009 executive compensation determinations, the Committee relied
 on data collected by Radford, which developed benchmarks for
 compensation of the principal executive officer and the
 principal financial officer of a peer group of 11 public
 companies, based on their public proxy statement disclosures.
 The peer group consisted of the same companies we have used
 since prior to our 2005 initial public offering, as developed by
 Radford in consultation with our Board of Directors and
 management. Because most of the peer group companies are larger
 than we are, Radford adjusted the peer group compensation data
 using a regression formula it developed based on revenue and
 base salaries. Radford also developed benchmarks for executive
 officer compensation by analyzing the results of three
 third-party reports on executive compensation paid by entities
 in the non-durable goods manufacturing and food industries with
 revenues similar to ours. The reports were “Executive
 Compensation Survey, 2008” (William M. Mercer), “Top
 Management Compensation, Regression Analysis Report,
 2008/2009” (Watson Wyatt Data Services) and “CDB
 Executive Compensation Database, 2007 Single Regression
 Report” (Towers Perrin). The Committee used the peer group
 data to assist in making compensation decisions for our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, since those were
 the positions that were most easily matched in the peer group.
 The Committee used the third party survey data to assist in
 making compensation decisions for the other named executive
 officers. The peer group consisted of the following companies: • | Kraft Foods, Inc.
• | Campbell Soup Co.
• | Hershey Foods Corp.
• | McCormick & Co., Inc.
• | The J. M. Smucker Company
• | Lance, Inc.
• | Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
• | J&J Snack Foods Corp.
• | Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
• | Weider Nutrition International, Inc.
• | SunOpta, Inc. 14 Table of Contents Radford recommended that compensation levels within 20% above or
 below the median, in the case of cash compensation, and 35%
 above or below the median, in the case of equity compensation,
 were within competitive norms for senior management level
 positions. Radford was not instructed to provide recommendations
 about the form of executive compensation, but was informed about
 the elements of executive compensation we use and instructed to
 recommend appropriate ranges for each of those compensation
 elements. The Chief Executive Officer Makes
 Recommendations. At the beginning of the fiscal
 year our Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with each
 individual named executive officer, develops individual goal
 achievement plans that become targets determining their annual
 bonuses. After completion of the fiscal year, the Chief
 Executive Officer reviews the officer’s performance
 relative to those individual goals and makes recommendations to
 the Committee about the officer’s achievement relative to
 his goals. The Chief Executive Officer also makes specific
 recommendations to the Committee about appropriate base salary,
 bonus and equity awards for each named executive officer. Components
 of Executive Compensation The material elements of compensation for our named executive
 officers are salaries, bonuses and equity incentives. Named
 executive officers also receive perquisites and participate in
 other programs. Base Salary. Base salary is one of the
 compensation elements that enable us to attract and retain
 executive talent by establishing a minimum compensation level
 for executives. In addition, salary increases enable us to
 reward superior individual performance, organizational
 advancement and increasing levels of responsibility. The
 Committee reviews the results of the compensation study
 performed by Radford, as described above under “— Benchmark Survey Data,” and
 evaluates Radford’s recommended range of base salaries as a
 starting point. The final determination of base salaries for our
 named executive officers is based on the Committee’s
 subjective determination, taking into consideration the
 CEO’s recommendations (for named executive officers other
 than himself), salary adjustments in prior years, the individual
 executive officer’s role in the organization, his or her
 performance during the prior fiscal year, retention and our
 budgeted increase or decrease in base salaries for our company
 generally. In establishing base salaries for named executive officers in
 fiscal 2009, the Committee reviewed recommendations by the Chief
 Executive Officer with respect to the named executive officers
 other than himself, based on his subjective assessments of each
 executive’s experience, responsibilities, teamwork,
 performance and reference to benchmark data. The Committee also
 made subjective assessments about the Chief Executive
 Officer’s performance, and made reference to benchmark
 data, in recommending Mr. Mendes’ base salary for
 fiscal 2009. Annual Bonus Incentives. Bonus is another
 compensation element that enables us to attract and retain
 executive talent and to motivate our executive team to pursue
 strategic objectives, by creating opportunities for extra
 compensation on an annual basis. Bonuses also create
 opportunities to provide general incentives for our named
 executive officers as a group and specific incentives for
 particular executives. We pay bonuses to our named executive
 officers under our Diamond Annual Bonus Program, which the
 Committee administers. Annual bonuses are intended to promote
 the achievement of our annual corporate financial goals and
 other corporate initiatives. Under the Diamond Annual Bonus Program, the target bonuses for
 each of our named executive officers in 2009 were based on level
 in the organization, as follows: President &
 CEO — 100% of base salary; Chief Sales Officer and
 Chief Financial and Administrative Officer — 70% of
 base salary; Senior Vice President Marketing — 50% of
 base salary; and Vice President, General Counsel and Human
 Resources — 45% of base salary. For exceptional
 performance, a named executive officer may earn up to two times
 the target bonus. For fiscal 2009, the bonus potential for named executive
 officers were allocated between an objective financial metric,
 representing 80% of bonus potential, and individual objectives,
 representing 20% of the bonus potential. The Committee and Board
 believed that earnings growth was the most important facet of
 Company performance during fiscal 2009, and accordingly, it tied
 a significant proportion of bonus potential to our earnings
 performance. 15 Table of Contents With respect to bonuses tied to individual objectives, our Board
 reviews and approves an annual plan outlining Diamond’s
 business objectives and key initiatives for the upcoming fiscal
 year. Each named executive officer other than the Chief
 Executive Officer develops a detailed plan consisting of
 individual goals, the achievement of which supports the annual
 plan. Each of the major categories of business goals and
 objectives contained in our corporate annual plan is supported
 by one or more of these individual goal achievement plans. Our
 Chief Executive Officer reviews and approves the individual goal
 achievement plans. At the end of the fiscal year, each executive
 other than the Chief Executive Officer performs a
 self-assessment of his performance relative to his individual
 goal achievement plan, which our Chief Executive Officer
 reviews, adjusts and approves. At the conclusion of this
 process, each named executive officer other than the Chief
 Executive Officer is assigned a score of zero to 100 points,
 with 100 points signifying target performance and bonus earned.
 For exceptional results, a named executive officer may earn up
 to two times the target bonus. The Committee reviews the Chief
 Executive Officer’s recommendations and approves bonus
 payments to these officers based on this achievement score. The Committee also recommends the Chief Executive Officer bonus
 compensation to the Board based on the Committee’s
 assessment of our achievement of goals and initiatives for the
 year. The fiscal 2009 annual plan against which our Chief
 Executive Officer’s performance was measured consisted of
 business goals and corporate objectives that were approved by
 our Board of Directors at the beginning of fiscal 2009. The
 goals and objectives fall into the following main categories:
 integration of our Pop Secret acquisition, retail growth and
 market share, margin improvements and cost-efficiency
 initiatives, organizational development and recruiting and
 development of systems and infrastructure to support growth. Equity Incentives. The Committee believes that
 equity awards are a key component of its executive compensation
 program, because they help us attract and retain executive
 talent by creating opportunities for extra compensation and
 promoting a long-term view. Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan
 enables Diamond to grant stock options, stock appreciation
 rights, restricted stock, and other equity awards. The Committee
 believes that these equity-based incentives serve the following
 purposes: • | align the interests of our executives with those of other stockholders by making a portion of the officer’s compensation or net worth dependent upon the performance of our common stock;
• | create general corporate performance incentives for executives through their interest in stock options, which only have value if our stock price increases;
• | compete with executive compensation at other companies by augmenting the value of the total compensation package offered to executives without using cash; and
• | retain executives through vesting of equity awards. The Committee makes equity awards to executive officers
 annually, and the Committee and Board retain discretion to make
 additional equity awards, for recruiting, retention or other
 purposes. The Chief Executive Officer presents his equity award
 recommendations for the named executive officers other than
 himself to the Committee. The recommendations take into account
 a range of targeted grants suggested by Radford, with the
 specific grant size recommendation based on the
 individual’s contributions during the prior fiscal year,
 importance to the organization and scope of responsibility. The
 Committee considers the Chief Executive Officer recommendations
 and has discretion to determine whether or not to make any
 equity grant and the size of any grant. The Committee takes into
 account the grant recommendations from Radford in the context of
 the total value of the other elements of the compensation
 package for named executive officers when making its
 determinations. The Committee makes recommendations to the full
 Board of Directors as to any equity grant for the Chief
 Executive Officer, with reference to benchmark data and based on
 company and individual performance. The Board of Directors has
 the discretion to determine whether to make any equity grant to
 the Chief Executive Officer and if so, the size of such grant. The Committee makes annual grants either at in-person meetings
 or by unanimous written consent, with the stock option exercise
 price equal to the closing price of our common stock on the date
 of the meeting or the date on which all of the written consents
 were signed. From time to time, the Committee has acted by
 unanimous written consent to approve new hire option grants for
 newly-hired officers, in which case the Committee’s
 practice has been to set the stock option exercise price equal
 to the closing price of our common stock on the date all written
 consents have been signed. 16 Table of Contents In connection with our annual equity incentive grants, named
 executive officers may participate in a cash/stock election
 program, which allows the individual to forego a portion of an
 equity grant that the officer otherwise would have been
 entitled, and instead receive a cash payment. The election must
 be made in advance of the grant of the annual equity award, and
 the named executive officer is not guaranteed that such a grant
 will be made. If the named executive officer elects to waive a
 portion of the grant, the cash to be paid is equal to the number
 of shares waived multiplied by the closing price of our common
 stock on the date of grant of the unwaived portion of the equity
 award, minus a 5% discount. The cash payment is paid in two
 equal installments. The first installment is payable on the
 two-month anniversary of the date of grant of the unwaived
 portion of the equity award and the second installment is
 payable ten months thereafter. Payment of the cash amount is
 subject to continued employment. The Committee believes that the
 5% discount applied to the cash value of the waived shares is
 appropriate in light of the liquidity that the program offers to
 the individuals, which will have the effect of lowering the
 total compensation expense to Diamond versus the full equity
 grant. Restricted stock is subject to time-based vesting, during which
 time the executive officer is the beneficial owner of the
 restricted shares and possess all voting and dividend rights.
 Dividends are payable at the same rate as is paid on the
 Company’s common shares generally. During fiscal 2009, we
 paid quarterly dividends at a rate of $0.045 per share. Stock Ownership Guidelines. In July 2008, the
 Board approved stock ownership guidelines for Board members and
 executive officers, to more closely align their interests with
 those of our stockholders. Under the guidelines, our Chairman of
 the Board of Directors is required to hold at least
 75,000 shares of our common stock and all other Board
 members are required to hold at least 15,000 shares. Each
 executive officer is expected to own a number of shares equal in
 value to the following multiples of his or her base salary:
 Chief Executive Officer — 500%; Executive Vice
 President — 200%; Senior Vice President —
 150% ; and Vice President — 150%. Shares that count
 toward satisfaction of these stock ownership guidelines include:
 shares beneficially owned by the executive or director, or by
 any of his or her immediate family members residing in the same
 household, regardless of how such shares were acquired; shares
 beneficially owned through any business entity controlled by
 such individual; shares held in trust for the benefit of the
 executive or director or his or her family; vested and unvested
 shares of restricted stock granted under our equity incentive
 plans; and one-third of all shares subject to stock options
 granted to the executive or director under our equity incentive
 plans. Executive officers and Board members are expected to
 comply with these guidelines by the later of July 31, 2011
 or three years after being appointed an executive officer or
 being appointed or elected a member of the Board. Severance and Change of Control Benefits. Each
 of our named executive officers is covered by an arrangement
 under which the executive officer will receive payments in the
 event employment is terminated after a change of control of
 Diamond. Payments vary from one to three times salary, based on
 position and tenure in the company. In addition, if we terminate
 our Chief Executive Officer without cause, he is entitled to
 continuation of his salary and health, dental and vision
 insurance benefits for up to 12 months, as well as
 outplacement services. Finally, under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan, all outstanding equity awards will vest upon a change of
 control of Diamond if not assumed by the acquirer. We believe
 that these benefits are competitive in the industry and assist
 in recruiting and retaining executive officers. For more
 information, please refer to “Potential Payments upon
 Employment Termination and Change of Control Events,” which begins on page 26. Retirement Plans. The executive officers
 participate in the same 401(k) plan on the same terms provided
 to all administrative employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, we
 make a contribution of 3% of base salary into 401(k) accounts,
 up to a maximum of $7,350 per year. In addition, the Chief
 Executive Officer participates in Diamond Foods Retirement
 Restoration Plan, a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan
 that provides supplemental benefits upon retirement. This
 retirement program, which was first implemented in 1989, was
 established to incent and retain senior executives by rewarding
 long-term contributions by providing income security upon
 retirement. We do not consider the 401(k) plan an important
 element of our executive compensation arrangements. For more
 information regarding the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration
 Plan, please see “Pension Benefits” on
 page 25. 17 Table of Contents Perquisites. We provide executive officers
 with perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are
 consistent with our overall compensation program, in order to
 enable us to attract and retain executives. The Committee
 periodically reviews the types of perquisites and other personal
 benefits provided to executive officers, and does not consider
 perquisites an important element of our executive compensation
 arrangements. Compensation
 Decisions for Fiscal 2009 The Compensation Committee’s specific compensation
 decisions for each of our named executive officers’ fiscal
 2009 executive compensation are described in the following
 paragraphs. Base
 Salary and Stock Awards Mr. Mendes Base Salary: In July 2008, the Committee
 recommended, and the Board approved, an increase in base salary
 for Mr. Mendes from $540,500 to $610,000, effective in
 mid-August 2008. Prior to the adjustment, Mr. Mendes’
 salary was below the median of the benchmark data for our peer
 group companies (after adjusting for size), and the increase
 better aligned his salary with the median competitive range and
 recognized his individual performance during fiscal 2008. Stock Awards: In fiscal 2009, the Committee
 recommended, and the Board approved, a restricted stock grant of
 35,000 shares to Mr. Mendes, which was above the
 median of the benchmark survey data, as a result of our strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and
 Mr. Mendes’ leadership in accomplishing those results. Mr. Neil Base Salary: In July 2008, the Committee
 approved a 4% increase in base salary from $400,000 to $416,000,
 effective in mid-August 2008. The 4% increase was the median
 merit increase for executives indicated by survey data, as
 recommended by the compensation consultant. Stock Awards: In fiscal 2009, the Committee
 approved a restricted stock grant of 5,000 shares to
 Mr. Neil. Mr. Neil’s grant was pro-rated based on
 the portion of the prior fiscal year during which Mr. Neil
 was employed by Diamond. On an annualized basis,
 Mr. Neil’s grant was above the median of the benchmark
 survey data as a result of Diamond’s strong performance
 during the prior fiscal year and Mr. Neil’s individual
 contributions in achieving such results. Mr. Johnson Base Salary: Mr. Johnson joined Diamond
 in September 2008, at which time the Committee approved his
 starting base salary of $390,000. His salary was established
 based on his salary level at his prior employer and the amount
 required to recruit and retain candidates for the position. Stock Awards: In connection with
 Mr. Johnson joining Diamond in September 2008, the
 Committee approved a new hire grant of 33,000 shares of
 restricted stock and an option to purchase 33,000 shares of
 common stock. The Committee believed the new hire grant amounts
 were necessary to recruit and retain Mr. Johnson in the
 Chief Sales Officer position. Mr. Burke Base Salary: In July 2008, the Committee
 approved a 4% increase in base salary from $246,500 to $256,400,
 effective in mid-August 2008. The 4% increase was the median
 merit increase for executives indicated by survey data, as
 recommended by the compensation consultant. Stock Awards: In fiscal 2009, the Committee
 approved a restricted stock grant of 5,000 shares to
 Mr. Burke, which was above the applicable median of the
 benchmark survey data as a result of Diamond’s strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and his individual
 contributions in achieving such results. 18 Table of Contents Mr. Kim Base Salary: In July 2008, the Committee
 approved an increase in base salary from $197,500 to $220,000,
 effective in mid-August 2008. Prior to the adjustment,
 Mr. Kim’s salary was below the size-adjusted median of
 the benchmark data described in “ Compensation Discussion
 and Analysis — Executive Compensation
 Process — Benchmark Survey Data ,” and the
 increase better aligned his salary with the median. Stock Awards: In fiscal 2009, the Committee
 approved a restricted stock grant of 4,200 shares to
 Mr. Kim, which was above the applicable median of the
 benchmark survey data as a result of Diamond’s strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and his individual
 contributions in achieving such results. Mr. Ford Base Salary: In July 2008, the Committee
 approved an increase in base salary from $300,000 to $320,000,
 effective in mid-August 2008. Mr. Ford’s salary was
 adjusted to recognize his individual performance during fiscal
 2008. Stock Awards: In fiscal 2009, the Committee
 approved a restricted stock grant of 14,700 shares to
 Mr. Ford, which was above the applicable median of the
 benchmark survey data as a result of Diamond’s strong
 performance during the prior fiscal year and his individual
 contributions in achieving such results. Annual
 Bonus Program Bonus
 tied to financial metric For fiscal 2009, the financial metric target for the objective
 portion of the Annual Bonus Program was $1.27 earnings per
 share. Diamond achieved $1.47 earnings per share, resulting in
 maximum performance under the bonus program. Accordingly, the
 named executive officers received the following bonus amounts: Named Executive Officer | Target Bonus Amount | Actual Bonus Amount
Michael Mendes | $517,280 (80% of base salary) | $ | 1,034,560
Steven Neil | $239,949 (56% of base salary) | $ | 479,898
Lloyd Johnson | $224,952 (56% of base salary) | $ | 449,904
Andrew Burke | $105,637 (40% of base salary) | $ | 211,274
Stephen Kim | $90,000 (36% of base salary) | $ | 180,000 Bonus
 ties to individual objectives Mr. Mendes received 95% of the maximum amount attributable
 to accomplishment of his fiscal 2009 individual objectives,
 resulting in a bonus payment of $245,708. The Board considered
 the following performance in determining the individual goal
 performance element of Mr. Mendes’ non-equity
 incentive plan award: Individual Objective | Assessment
Retail growth | Achieved 26% retail growth, record snack sales market share and 113% snack sales growth. Improved distribution and merchandising in grocery, mass merchandise and club channels.
Margin improvement | Drove product mix to 81% retail and managed costs to drive significant gross margin improvement.
Pop Secret Integration | Successfully integrated Pop Secret brand. Assumed production planning ahead of schedule and executed order-to-cash conversion after acquisition of Pop Secret microwave popcorn brand.
Leadership team | Restructured leadership team and filled key management positions. Mr. Neil received 95% of the maximum amount attributable to
 accomplishment of individual objectives for fiscal 2009,
 resulting in a bonus payment of $113,976. The Committee
 considered Mr. Neil’s performance in successfully
 closing the Pop Secret transaction and managing the integration
 process, driving infrastructure 19 Table of Contents improvements in the treasury, investor relations, accounting and
 information technology functions, and providing leadership in
 recruiting management talent and litigation activities. Mr. Johnson received 92.5% of the maximum amount
 attributable to accomplishment of individual objectives for
 fiscal 2009, resulting in a bonus payment of $104,040. The
 Committee considered Mr. Johnson’s performance in
 achieving net sales targets and record market share, driving
 distribution of core products, executing promotional strategies
 and reorganizing the sales organization. Mr. Burke received 92% of the maximum amount attributable
 to accomplishment of individual objectives for fiscal 2009,
 resulting in a bonus payment of $48,593. The Committee
 considered Mr. Burke’s performance in achieving net
 sales targets, record market share and distribution gains,
 development of new product and brand-building initiatives and
 developing the marketing organization. Mr. Kim received 90.5% of the maximum amount attributable
 to accomplishment of individual objectives for fiscal 2009,
 resulting in a bonus payment of $40,725. The Committee
 considered Mr. Kim’s performance in managing
 litigation matters, driving recruiting and retention efforts,
 analyzing and developing compensation systems to incent
 performance and development of Diamond’s intellectual
 property portfolio. Mr. Ford retired in April 2009 and therefore did not
 receive an annual bonus payment. 20 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on such review
 and discussions, the Committee recommended to the Board of
 Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be
 included in Diamond’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2009. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert Zollars, Chairman Laurence Baer Glen Warren Summary
 of Executive Compensation The following table presents information about the compensation
 for the 2009 fiscal year awarded to, earned by or paid to our
 named executive officers serving in that capacity as of
 July 31, 2009 and one former executive officer. We also
 provide benefits to our executive officers that are generally
 available to all of our employees. Summary
 Compensation Table Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Name and Principal | Fiscal | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Position | Year | ($) | ($) | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)(3) | ($)(4) | ($) | ($)
Michael Mendes | 2009 | 607,329 | 836,570 | (5) | 558,873 | 202,627 | 1,280,268 | 23,116 | 225,606 | (6) | 3,734,389
President and Chief | 2008 | 537,342 | — | 1,924,329 | 286,111 | 610,000 | 8,971 | 358,069 | 3,724,821
Executive Officer | 2007 | 509,280 | — | 1,583,176 | 287,901 | 456,225 | 273,058 | 246,275 | 3,327,796
Steven Neil | 2009 | 415,385 | 119,510 | (5) | 226,033 | 66,094 | 593,874 | — | 64,442 | (7) | 1,485,336
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial & Administrative Officer | 2008 | 161,539 | 25,000 | 97,950 | 26,214 | 121,333 | — | 12,101 | 444,137
Lloyd Johnson | 2009 | 352,500 | 50,000 | (8) | 210,966 | 81,763 | 553,944 | — | 52,532 | (9) | 1,301,705
Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer
Andrew Burke | 2009 | 256,019 | 119,510 | (5) | 152,104 | 50,507 | 259,867 | — | 21,206 | (10) | 859,213
Senior Vice President, | 2008 | 245,192 | — | 141,546 | 55,412 | 116,181 | — | 21,306 | 579,367
Marketing | 2007 | 237,692 | — | 74,622 | 36,077 | 83,795 | — | 16,546 | 448,732
Stephen Kim | 2009 | 219,139 | 66,926 | (5) | 79,697 | 7,290 | 220,725 | — | 30,747 | (11) | 624,524
Vice President, General Counsel and Human Resources | 2008 | 196,431 | — | 132,200 | 17,602 | 91,575 | — | 29,724 | 467,532
Gary Ford(12) | 2009 | 233,077 | 290,409 | (5) | 223,097 | 18,644 | — | — | 150,300 | (13) | 915,527
Former Executive Vice President, | 2008 | 288,344 | — | 759,476 | 47,013 | 211,120 | — | 75,155 | 1,381,107
Chief Operating Officer | 2007 | 274,039 | — | 685,384 | 42,143 | 171,646 | — | 74,278 | 1,247,490 (1) | Represents compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with SFAS 123R related to awards of restricted stock and is not an indication of financial gain. Amounts are 21 Table of Contents based on our SFAS 123R assumptions described in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, without regard to forfeitures.
(2) | Represents compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock and is not an indication of financial gain. Amounts are based on our SFAS 123R assumptions described in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, without regard to forfeitures.
(3) | Reflects amounts earned on annual non-equity incentive plan awards.
(4) | Represents the increase in present value of accumulated benefits accrued under the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan, in which the Chief Executive Officer participates.
(5) | Except as otherwise indicated, amounts in this column represent payments under our cash/stock election program.
(6) | Includes $134,443 in unused vacation time disbursements, $24,650 in tax gross up payments, $11,827 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $7,350 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amounts are comprised of moving expense, health care cost reimbursements, health club membership, office parking and financial planning services.
(7) | Includes $27,155 in health care cost reimbursements, $11,443 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $7,565 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amounts are comprised of health club membership, car allowance payments and office parking.
(8) | Represents a sign-on bonus.
(9) | Includes $10,169 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments, $2,218 in tax gross up amounts and $3,600 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amounts are comprised of temporary housing costs, health club membership, health care reimbursements, financial planning services, car allowance payments and office parking.
(10) | Includes $1,082 in tax gross up amounts, $11,115 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $7,049 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amount is comprised of health club membership costs.
(11) | Includes $1,082 in tax gross up payments, $11,039 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments and $6,522 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amounts are comprised of health club membership, health care reimbursements and office parking.
(12) | Mr. Ford retired from Diamond in April 2009.
(13) | Includes $5,506 in tax gross up payments, $11,243 in life insurance and health insurance premium payments, $104,999 in unused vacation time disbursements and $6,424 in 401(k) contributions. The remaining amounts are comprised of health care reimbursements, financial planning services and office parking. 22 Table of Contents 2009
 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS All Other | All Other
Stock | Option | Grant
Awards: | Awards: | Exercise | Date Fair
Estimated Future Payouts Under | Estimated Future Payouts Under | Number | Number of | or Base | Value of
Non-Equity Incentive Plan | Equity Incentive Plan | of Shares | Securities | Price of | Stock and
Awards(1) | Awards | of Stock | Underlying | Option | Option
Grant | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | Awards | Awards
Name | Date | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | ($/Sh) | ($)
Michael Mendes | N/A | 0 | 646,600 | 1,293,200 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/8/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 35,000 | — | — | 880,600 | (2)
Steven Neil | N/A | 0 | 299,936 | 599,872 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/8/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | — | — | 125,800 | (2)
Lloyd Johnson | N/A | 0 | 281,191 | 562,381 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
9/30/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 33,000 | — | — | 924,900 | (3)
9/30/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 33,000 | $ | 28.03 | 358,380 | (3)
Andrew Burke | N/A | 0 | 132,046 | 264,092 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/8/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | — | — | 125,800 | (2)
Stephen Kim | N/A | 0 | 112,500 | 225,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
8/8/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 4,200 | — | — | 105,672 | (2)
Gary Ford | 8/8/08 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 14,850 | — | — | 373,626 | (2) (1) | Reflects potential payouts of amounts that could have been earned with respect to fiscal 2009 threshold, target and maximum levels under the Diamond Foods Annual Bonus Program. Targets for non-equity incentive plan awards are based on 50% of the maximum possible bonus award. Actual amounts earned for fiscal 2009 have been reported in “Summary Compensation Table” as Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. The “Maximum” amounts are based on percentages of salaries in effect as of September 2009. The maximum bonus percentages of salary are: Chief Executive Officer — 200%; Chief Financial and Administrative Officer — 140%; Chief Sales Officer — 140%; Senior Vice President Marketing — 100%; and Vice President, General Counsel & HR — 90%. Under the Annual Bonus Program, named executive officers could receive no payment if performance objectives are not met. Accordingly, the “Threshold” amounts are $0.
(2) | This award of restricted stock was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vests as to one-fourth of the shares on each anniversary of grant. Amounts shown represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the restricted stock grants without giving effect to any forfeiture rate.
(3) | Mr. Johnson joined Diamond in September 2008, in connection with which he received a new hire grant of 33,000 shares of restricted stock and an option to purchase 33,000 shares of common stock, each of which was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The restricted stock vests as to one-fourth of the shares on the first four grant date anniversaries. Amounts shown represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the restricted stock grants without giving effect to any forfeiture rate. The option vests as to one-fourth of the subject shares on the first anniversary of the grant date and quarterly thereafter over the following 12 quarters. The options have a maximum term of ten years subject to earlier termination upon cessation of service to Diamond. Amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the stock options without giving effect to any forfeiture rate. 23 Table of Contents 2009
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Option Awards | Stock Awards
Equity | Equity
Equity | Incentive | Incentive
Incentive | Market | Plan Awards: | Plan Awards:
Plan Awards: | Value of | Number of | Market or
Number of | Number of | Number of | Shares or | Unearned | Payout Value
Securities | Number of | Securities | Shares or | Units of | Shares, Units | of Unearned
Underlying | Securities | Underlying | Units of | Stock | or Other | Shares, Units or
Unexercised | Underlying | Unexercised | Option | Stock that | that | Rights that | Other Rights
Options (#) | Unexercised | Unearned | Exercise | Option | have Not | have Not | have Not | that have
Exercisable | Options (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Vested | Not Vested
Name | (1) | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) | Date | (#)(2) | ($)(3) | (#) | ($)
Michael Mendes | 253,333 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 60,000 | (4) | 1,692,000 | — | —
168,750 | (5) | 56,250 | (5) | — | 17.07 | 10/25/15 | 35,000 | (6) | 987,000 | — | —
63,288 | — | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | — | — | — | —
Steven Neil | 10,000 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 33,750 | (7) | 951,750 | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 15.01 | 7/20/16 | 5,000 | (6) | 141,000 | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 17.03 | 7/20/17 | — | — | — | —
11,250 | (8) | 33,750 | (8) | — | 18.27 | 3/25/18 | — | — | — | —
Lloyd Johnson | — | 33,000 | (9) | — | 28.03 | 9/30/18 | 33,000 | (10) | 930,600 | — | —
Andrew Burke | 15,000 | — | — | 14.93 | 6/19/16 | 11,250 | (4) | 317,250 | — | —
11,249 | (11) | 3,751 | (11) | — | 15.83 | 3/14/17 | 5,000 | (6) | 141,000 | — | —
Stephen Kim | 10,387 | — | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 7,500 | (4) | 211,5007 | — | —
7,000 | — | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 4,200 | (6) | 118,440 | — | — (1) | All options set forth in the table have a ten-year term. The unvested portion of an option will expire prior to its stated expiration date in the event of the optionee’s termination of employment.
(2) | Represents restricted stock awards that vest subject to continued employment with Diamond.
(3) | The market value of the unvested restricted shares was computed using $28.20, which was the closing price of Diamond Foods common stock on July 31, 2009.
(4) | These shares were granted on August 9, 2007, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on August 9, 2011.
(5) | From 2001 until October 2005, Mr. Mendes was the beneficiary of a Long Term Incentive Compensation program (“LTIC”), pursuant to which Diamond agreed to provide Mr. Mendes with annual cash benefits over a ten year period, with payments to begin as early as Mr. Mendes’ 50th birthday, under certain circumstances. To better align Mr. Mendes’ interests with those of our stockholders, on October 25, 2005, the Board approved terminating the LTIC and granted Mr. Mendes an option to purchase 225,000 shares of our common stock. The option vests over five years, with options to purchase 20% of the shares vesting on October 25, 2006, and the remainder vesting on a pro rata basis on each quarterly anniversary thereafter over the next four years. The option became fully vested on October 25, 2010.
(6) | These shares were granted on August 8, 2008, and vest in two equal annual installments on the third and fourth anniversaries of the grant date, until fully vested on August 8, 2012.
(7) | These shares were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on March 25, 2012.
(8) | These options were granted on March 25, 2008 in connection with Mr. Neil’s employment with Diamond. One-fourth of the options vested on the first anniversary of the grant date, and the balance vest in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on March 25, 2012.
(9) | These options were granted on September 30, 2008 in connection with Mr. Johnson’s employment with Diamond. One-fourth of the options vested on September 30, 2009, and the balance vest in 12 equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on September 30, 2012.
(10) | These shares were granted on September 30, 2008 in connection with Mr. Johnson’s employment with Diamond, and vest in four equal annual installments on the anniversary of the grant date, until fully vested on September 30, 2012. 24 Table of Contents (11) | These options were granted on March 14, 2007 in connection with Mr. Burke’s promotion to Senior Vice President, Marketing. One-third of the options vested on March 14, 2008, and the balance vest in eight equal quarterly installments thereafter until fully vested on March 14, 2010. 2009
 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Shares | Value Realized | Number of Shares | Value Realized on
Acquired on Exercise | on Exercise | Acquired on Vesting | Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#)(1) | ($)(2)
Michael Mendes | — | — | 27,034 | 667,720
Steven Neil | — | — | 11,250 | 290,925
Lloyd Johnson | — | — | — | —
Andrew Burke | — | — | 8,750 | 232,125
Stephen Kim | — | — | 4,834 | 125,224 (1) | Represents shares of restricted stock that vested during fiscal 2008.
(2) | Calculated using the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting. PENSION
 BENEFITS We maintain the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan, a
 defined benefit pension plan that provides unfunded,
 non-qualified benefits. The normal retirement benefit provided
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan is payable as a ten-year
 certain and life annuity beginning at age 60. The benefit
 is the amount by which the monthly target benefit under the plan
 exceeds the monthly benefit that was paid out in a prior year
 from the Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan, a qualified defined
 benefit pension plan we sponsored previously but then
 terminated. The target benefit under the Retirement Restoration
 Plan is the amount resulting from the formula below that
 produces the higher benefit: • | 2% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service. Once this amount is calculated, subtract 1% multiplied by the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 40 years).
• | 3% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). Once this amount is calculated, add 1 / 2 % of the annual average compensation multiplied by the years of credited service that exceed 15 years. Once this amount is added, subtract 3 1 / 3 % of the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). For the purposes of these calculations, annual average
 compensation is the highest average of annual compensation over
 five consecutive years out of the ten years preceding the
 earlier of the date of termination of employment and the
 participant’s 65th birthday. Compensation includes base
 salary and bonus, but excludes restricted stock awards. Benefits are payable after the first to occur of the following: • | Death
• | Disability
• | Termination of employment
• | Age 55. Benefits are reduced for commencement before age 60 as
 follows: • | If the participant is at least age 50 with 10 or more years of service, the reduction is 1 / 3 % per month for each month commencement precedes age 60,
• | Otherwise, the reduced benefit is the actuarial equivalent of the benefit commencing at age 60, based on 8% interest and Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality. 25 Table of Contents Benefits are paid as a single cash payment (lump sum) equal to
 the actuarial present value of the early retirement benefit. The
 lump sum amount is determined using the basis set forth in the
 General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade — Retirement
 Protection Act of 1994 (“GATT”), utilizing the average 30-year T-bond rate for the month two months prior to the month of
 distribution. The higher the interest rate, the lower the lump
 sum, and vice versa. Alternatively, the participant may elect to receive his benefit
 as an annuity and/or at a
 later time, but only after filing a written request that
 satisfies IRC Section 409A timing rules. The Retirement Restoration Plan currently allows the participant
 to choose from a number of methods to receive accrued benefits,
 which include the following: • | Single life annuity — A single life annuity provides a monthly benefit until death.
• | Life annuity with 5 or 10 years certain — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit for life. If death occurs before the end of the 5 or 10 years, the designated beneficiary will receive the same monthly benefit for the remainder of the 5 or 10 year period.
• | Joint and survivor annuity — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit paid for life. If the participant dies before their beneficiary, the beneficiary receives the selected percentage (50%, 66 2 / 3 %, 75%, or 100%) of that monthly benefit for the rest of his or her life.
• | Lump sum payment — described above
• | Any other payment form agreed to by Diamond and the participant. Determination
 of Value The amounts shown below are based on retirement at age 60,
 which is the earliest age at which an unreduced retirement
 benefit is payable under the Retirement Restoration Plan. Other
 key assumptions used to determine the amounts are as follows: • | An interest rate of 5.8%, the FASB ASC 715-30 discount rate as of July 31, 2009. The discount rate as of July 31, 2008 was 7.0%.
• | The value of benefits under the Retirement Restoration Plan has been determined assuming the benefit is received as a lump sum, with the conversion based on a 5.5% interest rate and the unisex Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality table. The conversion as of July 31, 2008 was based on a 6.0% interest rate assumption. Our Chief Executive Officer currently is the sole participant in
 the Retirement Restoration Plan. The table below shows for him
 the number of years of credited service, present value of
 accumulated benefit and payments during the last fiscal year
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan. The years of credited
 service are years of service while employed by us, and no
 additional years of credited service have been granted. 2009
 Pension Benefits Present Value of | Payments
Number of Years | Accumulated | During Last
Credited Service | Benefit | Fiscal Year
Name | Plan Name | (#) | ($) | ($)
Michael Mendes | Retirement Restoration Plan | 16.8 | 2,460,527 | — Potential
 Payments upon Employment Termination and Change-of-Control Events We have entered into change-of-control agreements with our executive officers. Under these agreements,
 if we sell all or substantially all of our assets, complete a
 merger after which our stockholders before the merger do not own
 more than 50% of the surviving or successor entity’s
 outstanding voting securities after the merger, or any person or
 entity acquires 50% or more of our outstanding voting
 securities, and then after such 26 Table of Contents change of control the successor entity terminates the executive
 officer without cause (as defined below) or the executive
 officer terminates his employment for good reason (as defined
 below), then the vesting of the executive officer’s
 restricted stock and stock options will accelerate and the
 executive will become entitled to receive severance payments
 equal to a multiple of his current yearly salary and maximum
 bonus. The multiple is three times for Mr. Mendes, two
 times for Mr. Neil and Mr. Johnson and one time for
 Mr. Burke and Mr. Kim. In addition, if an executive
 officer elects to continue medical and/or dental coverage after termination, he will receive a monthly
 payment equal to the premium(s) for the coverage elected for
 himself and his dependents. Under these agreements, the term “cause” means
 termination of employment due to the officer’s willful and
 continued failure to perform his or her duties to Diamond or its
 successor after we (or our successor or the surviving entity)
 deliver a written demand for substantial performance to the
 officer, provided that this demand specifically identifies how
 we (or our successor or the surviving entity) believe that the
 officer has not substantially performed his or her or her
 duties, or the officer’s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to felony criminal conduct. Under these agreements, the term “good reason” means
 in each case without the officer’s consent or waiver: a
 material diminution of the officer’s duties or authority
 with Diamond, or the assignment of duties and responsibilities
 inconsistent with his or her status at Diamond, as of the date
 of the change of control; a reduction in base salary or material
 reduction in benefits as of the date of the change in control
 without the express written consent of the officer; any breach
 by us of any of our material obligations under our agreements
 with the officer; or a reassignment that requires the officer to
 move his or her principal work location more than 50 miles. In addition, in connection with commencement of his employment
 as Chief Executive Officer, we agreed to provide Mr. Mendes
 with termination benefits independent of a change of control
 transaction. If we terminate Mr. Mendes’ employment
 for any reason other than due to his willful breach of duty,
 habitual neglect of duty or continued incapacity to perform, he
 is entitled to continuation of his salary and health, dental and
 vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months, and we have
 agreed to provide him with up to $10,000 in outplacement
 services. 27 Table of Contents The tables below present estimated payments and benefits that
 would have been provided to each of our named executive officers
 assuming their respective terminations as of July 31, 2009
 (pursuant to a change of control agreement with respect to the
 named executive officers other than Mr. Mendes, and
 pursuant to an employment letter agreement with respect to
 Mr. Mendes). As a condition of receiving any severance
 benefits in connection with the change of control agreements,
 the executive must execute a full waiver and release of all
 claims in our favor and agree to abide by covenants regarding
 confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees, non-interference
 with our business relationships and non-competition. In addition
 to the benefits described in the tables below, upon termination
 of employment executive officers may be eligible for other
 benefits that are generally available to all salaried employees,
 such as life insurance, long-term disability, and 401(k)
 benefits. Michael Mendes | Steven Neil | Lloyd Johnson | Andrew Burke | Stephen Kim
Termination after Change of Control:
Severance — Multiple of base salary and maximum Annuals\Bonus Program award | $ | 5,490,000 | $ | 1,996,800 | $ | 1,872,000 | $ | 512,800 | $ | 418,000
Post-termination COBRA reimbursement for 18 months | 23,278 | 23,278 | 23,278 | 23,278 | 23,278
Acceleration of unvested restricted stock(1) | 2,679,000 | 1,092,750 | 930,600 | 458,250 | 329,940
Acceleration of unvested options(1) | 405,000 | 335,138 | 5,610 | 46,400 | 0
Total | $ | 8,597,278 | $ | 3,447,966 | $ | 2,831,488 | $ | 1,040,728 | $ | 771,218
Voluntary Retirement:
Payment under Retirement Restoration Plan(2) | $ | 2,460,527 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Involuntary Termination:
Post-termination outplacement services | $ | 10,000 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Post-termination base salary, health and welfare benefit continuation (12 months)(3) | 625,516 | — | — | — | —
Total | $ | 635,516 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — (1) | Amounts shown represent acceleration of vesting triggered by termination event after a change of control based on $28.20 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on July 31, 2009.
(2) | Amounts reflect estimated lump-sum present value of non-qualified retirement plan benefits.
(3) | Amounts reflect 12 months of base salary and COBRA reimbursements as of July 31, 2009. DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION Non-employee members of our Board of Directors are compensated
 through cash retainers and stock option awards. For fiscal 2009,
 each member received an annual retainer of $50,000, and the
 chairman of the Board of Directors received an additional annual
 retainer of $10,000. Members of Board committees receive annual
 retainers as well, as follows: Audit Committee chair —
 $18,000 and other Audit Committee members — $8,000;
 Compensation Committee chair — $12,000 and other
 Compensation Committee members — $7,000;
 Nominating & Governance Committee chair —
 $9,000 and other Nominating & Governance Committee
 members — $4,000. All of our directors are reimbursed
 for their reasonable expenses in attending Board and Board
 committee meetings but receive no other fees for attending
 meetings. 28 Table of Contents Upon initial appointment or election to our Board of Directors,
 each non-employee director receives an automatic grant of
 restricted stock, and an automatic stock option grant, under our
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of shares of restricted
 stock is equal to $120,000 divided by the closing price of our
 stock on the date of grant. We retain the right to repurchase
 these shares for the nominal purchase price until they are
 vested. The restricted shares vest in three equal annual
 installments, commencing with the first anniversary of the date
 of grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as
 a director through that date. Prior to vesting, the director is
 entitled to vote and receive dividends with respect to such
 shares, but not to transfer them. Each award will become fully
 vested if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the
 director’s termination of service. Each non-employee
 director also receives an automatic grant of an option to
 purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock, at an exercise
 price per share equal to the fair market value of our common
 stock on the date of grant. These automatic option grants have
 ten-year terms and will terminate six months following the date
 the director ceases to be one of our directors or consultants or
 12 months following that date, if the termination is due to
 death or disability. Each automatic grant of options vests and
 becomes exercisable in full on the anniversary of the date of
 grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as a
 director through that date. In addition, each option award will
 become fully vested and exercisable if we are acquired prior to
 or at the time of the director’s termination of service.
 Each non-employee director also receives an annual grant of an
 option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock at an
 exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common
 stock on the date of grant. The following table shows the compensation earned in fiscal 2009
 by members of our Board of Directors: Fees Earned or
Paid in Cash | Stock Awards | Option Awards | Total
Name | ($) | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)
Laurence Baer | 57,000 | — | 92,288 | 149,288
Ed Blechschmidt | 68,000 | 40,003 | 70,005 | 178,008
John Gilbert | 60,000 | — | 92,288 | 152,288
Robert Lea | 50,000 | — | 92,288 | 142,288
Dennis Mussell | 62,000 | — | 92,288 | 154,288
Joseph Silveira | 58,000 | — | 92,288 | 150,288
Glen Warren | 66,000 | — | 92,288 | 158,288
Robert Zollars | 66,000 | — | 92,288 | 158,288 (1) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2009 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to the awards of restricted shares granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(2) | All of the non-employee directors other than Mr. Blechschmidt received an automatic award of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on July 20, 2009 at an exercise price of $25.20 per share. Mr. Blechschmidt, who joined the Board on March 25, 2008, received an automatic award of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on March 25, 2009, at an exercise price of $26.75 per share. The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2008 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock granted to Board members, without regard to forfeitures. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 29 Table of Contents COMPENSATION
 COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The Compensation Committee currently consists of Laurence Baer,
 Glen Warren and Robert Zollars. None of the members of the
 Compensation Committee is, or was at any time, an officer or
 employee of Diamond or any of its subsidiaries. None of our
 executive officers serves or has served on the Board of
 Directors or Compensation Committee of any entity that has one
 or more executive officers serving an our Board of Directors or
 Compensation Committee during the most recently completed fiscal
 year. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth information as of July 31,
 2009 regarding equity awards under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan: Equity
 Compensation Plan Information Table Weighted
Number of Securities | Average Exercise
to be Issued Upon | Price of | Number of Securities
Exercise of | Outstanding | Available for Future
Outstanding Options, | Options, Warrants | Issuance Under Equity
Warrants and Rights | and Rights | Compensation Plans
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 1,331,737 | $ | 18.54 | 1,009,557 | (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 1,331,737 | $ | 18.54 | 1,009,557 | (1) (1) | All of the shares available for grant under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan may be issued in the form of stock options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock units. Under the terms of our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, on the first business day of each fiscal year through 2014, the aggregate number of shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to the plan is automatically increased by a number of shares equal to 2% of the total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding July 31, or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board of Directors, provided that no more than 25,000,000 shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Any related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by
 the Audit Committee or another independent body of the Board of
 Directors in accordance with the written Audit Committee Charter. Other than the arrangements described in “Corporate
 Governance and Board of Directors Matters —
 Independent Directors,” “Executive Compensation,”
 “Director Compensation” and the transactions
 described below, since August 1, 2007 there has not been,
 and there currently is not proposed, any transaction or series
 of similar transactions to which we were or will be a party, in
 which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000, and in
 which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5% of
 any class of our common stock or any member of their immediate
 family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Grower
 Payments We have paid members of our Board of Directors who are currently
 growers from whom we purchase walnuts, or an affiliate of such
 growers, for walnut products we received from them in the
 ordinary course of 30 Table of Contents our business. The following table shows the payments received by
 the directors who also sold walnuts to us in fiscal 2008 and
 fiscal 2009 through October 13, 2009: Fiscal | Grower
Name | Year | Payments
John J. Gilbert(1) | 2009 | $ | 2,279,549
2008 | $ | 1,974,326
Robert M. Lea | 2009 | $ | 755,812
2008 | $ | 742,539 (1) | Represents amounts paid to Rio Oso Groves, Inc., of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer, and to Gilbert Orchards, a corporation of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer. Indemnification
 of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of
 Liability Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that
 eliminates the personal liability of our directors for monetary
 damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty as directors,
 except for liability: • | for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders;
• | for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
• | under section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases; or
• | for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our bylaws provide that we: • | must indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions;
• | may indemnify our other employees and agents to the same extent that we indemnified our directors and executive officers, unless otherwise required by law, our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or agreements; and
• | must advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
 directors and executive officers to give them additional
 contractual assurances regarding the scope of the
 indemnification provided in our certificate of incorporation and
 bylaws and to provide additional procedural protections.
 Presently, there is no pending litigation or proceeding
 involving any of our directors, executive officers or employees
 for which indemnification is sought, nor are we aware of any
 threatened litigation that may result in claims for
 indemnification. We maintain liability insurance for our directors and officers
 and have obtained a rider to this coverage for securities
 matters. DEADLINE
 FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2011 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for consideration
 at forthcoming stockholder meetings provided that they comply
 with the proxy rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and our Bylaws. Under SEC rules, any stockholder who
 intends to present a proposal at our 2011 annual meeting of
 stockholders must submit the proposal, in writing, so that we
 receive it at our principal executive offices no later than
 July 26, 2010 in order for the proposal to be included in
 our proxy statement and proxy for the 2011 annual meeting.
 Stockholders wishing to present a proposal at our 2011 annual
 meeting of stockholders or to nominate a person to our Board of
 Directors at the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders (but not
 include such 31 Table of Contents nomination in the proxy statement) must submit such proposal or
 nominee to us no earlier than October 15, 2010 and no later
 than November 14, 2010 if they wish for it to be eligible
 for presentation at our 2010 annual meeting. To be valid,
 submission of a director nominee must include the information
 contained in Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws. If the 2011 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more
 than 30 days earlier or 60 days later than the
 anniversary of the prior year’s annual meeting of
 stockholders, then nominations and stockholder proposals must be
 received not earlier than close of business on the
 105th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than
 close of business on the later to occur of (i) the
 75th day prior to the annual meeting or (ii) the
 10th day after the date we first publicly announced the
 date of the annual meeting. OTHER
 BUSINESS The Board of Directors knows of no other business that will be
 presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other
 matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is
 the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to
 vote the shares they represent as the Board of Directors may
 recommend. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, via telephone, or
 complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card
 in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting
 so that your shares will be represented at the Meeting. 32 Table of Contents Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please do not write outside the designated areas. | x Electronic Voting Instructions You can vote by Internet or telephone! Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may
choose one of the two voting methods outlined
below to vote your proxy. VALIDATION DETAILS ARE LOCATED BELOW IN THE TITLE BAR. Proxies submitted by the Internet or telephone
must be received by 1:00 a.m., Central Time, on
January 15, 2010. Vote by Internet • Log on to the Internet and go to www.investorvote.com/DMND
• Follow the steps outlined on the secured website.
Vote by telephone • Call toll free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the USA, US territories & Canada any time on a touch tone telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call.
• Follow the instructions provided by the recorded message. 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 A Proposals — The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed and FOR Proposal 2. 1. | Election of Directors: | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | +
01 - Robert M. Lea | o | o | 02 - Dennis Mussell | o | o | 03 - Glen C. Warren, Jr. | o | o For | Against | Abstain
2. | Approval of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm. | o | o | o B Non-Voting Items Change of Address – Please print new address below. C Authorized Signatures — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. — Date and Sign Below Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give
full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. | Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. | Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the box.
/ / Table of Contents 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 Proxy — DIAMOND FOODS, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on January 15, 2010 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints Michael J. Mendes and John J. Gilbert, and each of them, as the
Proxyholders, each with full powers of substitution, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to
vote, as designated on the reverse side, all shares of common stock of Diamond Foods, Inc. (the
“COMPANY”) that the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the
Company to be held on January 15, 2010 at 9:00 a.m., at 333 Battery Street, San Francisco, CA 94111
and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy, when properly executed and returned in a timely manner, will be voted at the Meeting
and any adjournment or postponement thereof in the manner described herein. If no contrary
indication is made, the Proxy will be voted FOR the Proposals and in accordance with the judgement
and in the discretion of the persons named as Proxyholders herein on any other business that may
properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, to the extent
authorized by Rule 14A-4(c) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THIS PROXY CARD AND
RETURN IT PRIOR TO THE MEETING IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. SEE REVERSE SIDE | CONTINUED AND TO BE VOTED ON REVERSE SIDE. | SEE REVERSE SIDE