10-K 1 f33475e10vk.htm FORM 10-K e10vk Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
 EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C.
 20549 Form 10-K (Mark One)
þ | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007
OR
o | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from to Commission File No.: 000-51439 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as
 specified in its charter) Delaware | 20-2556965
(State of Incorporation) | (IRS Employer Identification No.)
1050 South Diamond Street | 95205-7087
Stockton, California | (Zip Code)
(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 209-467-6000 (Telephone No.) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
 Act: Title of Each Class: | Name of Exchange on Which Registered:
Common Stock, $0.001 par value | NASDAQ Global Select Market
Series A Junior Preferred Stock Purchase Right | NASDAQ Global Select Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the
 Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
 seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
 Act. Yes o No þ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
 reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
 Exchange
 Act. Yes o No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
 all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
 the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
 was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject
 to such filing requirements for the past
 90 days. Yes þ No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
 pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
 of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
 information statements incorporated by reference in
 Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the Form 10-K. þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
 accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated
 filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large
 accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated
 filer o Accelerated
 filer þ Non-accelerated
 filer o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes o No þ As of January 31, 2007, the aggregate market value of the
 registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates of the
 registrant was $286,386,970 based on the closing sale price as
 reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market. As of August 31, 2007,
 there were 16,009,997 shares of common stock outstanding. DOCUMENTS
 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions of the registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2008
 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference
 into Part III hereof. TABLE OF
 CONTENTS Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business | 3
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 8
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 12
Item 2. | Properties | 12
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 12
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | 12
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 13
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 14
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 15
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk | 23
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 23
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 50
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 50
Item 9B. | Other Information | 50
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 50
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 50
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 50
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | 50
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 50
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 51
Signatures | 54
EXHIBIT 23.01
EXHIBIT 23.02
EXHIBIT 31.01
EXHIBIT 31.02
EXHIBIT 32.01 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS The statements contained in this Annual Report regarding our
 future financial and operating performance and results, business
 strategy, market prices, future commodity prices, supply of raw
 material, plans and forecasts and other statements that are not
 historical facts are forward-looking statements. We have based
 these forward-looking statements on our assumptions,
 expectations and projections about future events only as of the
 date of this Annual Report. Our forward looking statements include the discussion under
 “Business — Our Strategy” and discussions of
 trends and anticipated developments under “Risk
 Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
 We use the words “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,”
 “plan,” “seek” and other similar expressions
 to identify forward-looking statements that discuss our future
 expectations, contain projections of our results of operations
 or financial condition or state other
 “forward-looking” information. These forward-looking
 statements also involve many risks and uncertainties that could
 cause actual results to differ from our expectations in material
 ways. Please refer to the risks and uncertainties discussed in
 the section titled “Risk Factors.” You also should
 carefully consider other cautionary statements elsewhere in this
 Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us during our 2008 fiscal year. We do not
 undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to
 reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this
 report. PART I Item 1. | Business Overview Diamond Foods, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 as the
 successor to Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc., a member-owned
 California agricultural cooperative association. In July 2005,
 Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. merged with and into Diamond Foods,
 Inc., converted from a cooperative association to a Delaware
 corporation and completed an initial public offering of Diamond
 Foods’ common stock. The terms “Diamond Foods,”
 “Diamond,” “Company,”
 “Registrant,” “we,” “us” and
 “our” mean Diamond Foods, Inc. and its subsidiaries
 unless the context indicates otherwise. We are a branded food company specializing in processing,
 marketing and distributing culinary, in-shell and ingredient
 nuts and snack products. Our company was founded in 1912 and has
 a strong heritage in the inshell and culinary markets under the
 Diamond of California brand. We intend to expand our existing
 business, and to continue to introduce new higher-value branded
 products in our culinary and snack businesses, including snack
 products marketed under our Emerald brand name. Our products are
 sold in over 60,000 retail locations in the United States and in
 over 100 countries. We have four product lines: • | Culinary. We sell culinary nuts under the Diamond of California brand in grocery store center aisle and produce aisles and through mass merchandisers and club stores. Culinary nuts are marketed to individuals who prepare meals or baked goods at home and who value fresh, high-quality products.
• | Snack. We sell snack products under the Emerald and Emerald/Harmony brands. These products, which include roasted, glazed and flavored nuts, trail mixes, seeds, dried fruit and similar offerings packaged in innovative resealable containers, are typically available in grocery store snack and produce aisles, mass merchandisers, club stores, convenience stores, drug stores and other places where snacks are sold.
• | In-shell. We sell in-shell nuts under the Diamond of California brand, primarily during the winter holiday season. These products are typically available in grocery store produce sections, mass merchandisers and club stores.
• | Ingredient/Food Service. We market ingredient and food service nuts under the Diamond of California brand to food processors, restaurants, bakeries and food service companies and their suppliers. Our institutional and industrial customers use our standard or customer-specified products to add flavor and enhance nutritional value and texture in their product offerings. 3 Table of Contents Our net sales were as follows (in millions): Year Ended July 31, 2007 | Year Ended July 31, 2006 | Year Ended July 31, 2005
North | Inter- | North | Inter- | North | Inter-
America | national | Total | America | national | Total | America | national | Total
Culinary | $ | 207.0 | $ | 9.0 | $ | 216.0 | $ | 189.4 | $ | 12.1 | $ | 201.5 | $ | 164.2 | $ | 21.0 | $ | 185.2
Snack | 79.6 | — | 79.6 | 40.7 | — | 40.7 | 21.5 | — | 21.5
In-shell | 46.5 | 34.7 | 81.2 | 44.7 | 40.3 | 85.0 | 42.8 | 42.3 | 85.1
Total retail | 333.1 | 43.7 | 376.8 | 274.8 | 52.4 | 327.2 | 228.5 | 63.3 | 291.8
Ingredient/food service | 73.9 | 69.1 | 143.0 | 84.5 | 62.4 | 146.9 | 107.0 | 59.2 | 166.2
Other | 2.8 | — | 2.8 | 3.1 | — | 3.1 | 4.5 | — | 4.5
Total | $ | 409.8 | $ | 112.8 | $ | 522.6 | $ | 362.4 | $ | 114.8 | $ | 477.2 | $ | 340.0 | $ | 122.5 | $ | 462.5 Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. accounted for approximately 19%,
 19%, and 17% of our net sales for the years ended July 31,
 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Sales to Costco Wholesale
 Corporation accounted for 10% of our net sales for the year
 ended July 31, 2007. Sales to Costco were less than 10% of
 our net sales for the years ended July 31, 2006 and 2005.
 No other single customer accounted for more than 10% of our net
 sales Our disclosure reports that we file with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission are available free of charge on the Investor
 Relations page of our website, www.diamondfoods.com. Our
 Strategy Our goal is to continue to grow our revenues by increasing our
 market share in the snack category, while strengthening our
 position as the number one marketer and distributor of culinary
 nuts. In addition, we intend to expand our profit margins by
 increasing sales of higher-margin retail products at a faster
 rate than non-retail products and by reducing costs. To achieve
 these goals we intend to: Increase market share in the snack
 industry. We plan to promote our broad line of
 snack products aggressively, by investing in creative
 advertising, marketing and promotional programs. We believe our
 continued investments in national advertising campaigns will
 help differentiate our products and improve our competitive
 position. National consolidation of retailers has created a need
 for distribution efficiencies, such as fewer stock keeping
 units, or SKUs, conservation of warehouse space, supply chain
 support and national merchandising. We are capable of providing
 these efficiencies. We intend to gain additional market share in
 the snack market, especially snack nuts, by exploiting our
 national brand and distribution systems. Improve gross and operating margins. We intend
 to increase our margins through shifting product mix and
 investing in capital improvements and other cost reduction
 activities. We expect a greater proportion of our sales in the
 future to be represented by higher-margin products. We plan to
 invest capital for projects that lower our costs. We intend to
 examine the location and function of our processing, storage and
 distribution facilities and optimize the utilization of these
 assets. We are also investing in additional processing and
 packaging equipment. We expect that these investments will
 increase our production flexibility, enabling us to serve our
 customers better and improve our margins. Expand and improve our distribution
 channels. We plan to expand in existing sales
 channels, such as mass merchandisers and club stores, and
 introduce our snack products in new distribution channels,
 particularly in the convenience store channel. We believe these
 outlets represent excellent growth opportunities for our snack
 products because sales in these channels are generally growing
 faster than traditional grocery stores. We plan to leverage our
 existing supply chain management capabilities to
 cost-effectively distribute our products through these new
 channels. Pursue external growth opportunities. In order
 to maintain and grow our leading market share in culinary nuts
 and expand our presence in the snack industry, we may make
 strategic acquisitions, enter into strategic 4 Table of Contents alliances or pursue other external growth opportunities. In
 particular, we intend to identify opportunities that will allow
 us to: • | introduce new products that are complementary to our existing product lines and are capable of being marketed through our existing production and distribution systems;
• | build our brand’s value; and
• | enhance our processing and distribution capabilities to lower our costs. Principal
 Products We market and sell the following products: Category | Products | Product Features
Culinary | • Shelled nuts | • Whole, sliced, chopped and ground nuts
• Pegboard nuts | • Recipe ready packages ranging from 2.25- 4.0 ounce sizes
• Glazed nuts
• Harvest Reserve Premium nuts | • Premium specialty nuts sold in stand-up resealable bags
Snack | • Glazed nuts | • Patented glazing process combined with unique flavors
• Mixed nuts | • Package sizes ranging from 2.5-ounce to 40-ounce in foil bags, canisters, and Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) Jugs
• Roasted nuts | • Innovative canisters designed to be portable with a lid measuring one serving — 1.5 oz of nuts
• Trail mix | • Unique blends and nutritionally dense products
• Natural snack products for the produce aisle | • 4 segments for produce snacks: nuts and seeds; trail/snack mixes; dried fruits; and sweet snacks, under the Emerald/Harmony brand
In-shell | • Various uncracked nuts, cleaned and/or polished | • Packaged in clear visible bags, mesh bags and bulk display units
• Mixed nuts | • Various package sizes ranging from one-pound bags to 25-kilogram sacks, with nut sizes ranging from baby to jumbo
Ingredient/Food Service | • Shelled and processed nuts | • Whole, sliced, chopped and diced ground nuts
• Custom-processed nuts | • Food processor product of uniform size and consistent color
• Glazed nuts | • Various large package sizes (ranging from 2 pounds to 30 pounds) tailored for business usage
• Flexible processing and packaging operations 5 Table of Contents In May 2006, we acquired certain net assets of Harmony Foods
 Corporation. This acquisition added production capability and
 product line expansion such as trail mixes, specialty dried
 fruits, nuts and seeds, sweet/salty snacks and organic snacks. We offer all of our products in an array of packages to meet
 different market needs. We sell our culinary nut products in
 packages that are smaller and more convenient to use than our
 traditional one-pound packages, and have broadened their appeal
 and differentiated them from our competitors’ products. Our
 snack nut products are sold in various “on-the-go”
 package styles, including resealable foil bags and resealable
 plastic containers. For example, we offer Emerald snack products
 in immediate consumption packages (2.25 ounce to 2.5 ounce)
 designed primarily for convenience stores. We also offer snack
 products in 20 ounce to 40 ounce PET containers and
 bags for the club channel. With colorful, eye-catching labels
 and ergonomically designed, lightweight canisters, our products
 look and feel different than our competitors’ products,
 which have traditionally been marketed with understated labels
 in heavy glass or composite canisters. Marketing We believe that our marketing efforts are fundamental to the
 success of our business. Advertising expenses were
 $20.4 million in 2007, $18.0 million in 2006 and
 $22.2 million in 2005. We develop marketing strategies
 specific to each existing or new product line. Our marketing
 efforts are focused on building brand awareness, attracting new
 consumers and increasing consumption. In order to maintain good
 customer relationships, these efforts are designed to establish
 a premium value proposition to minimize the impact on our
 customers’ private label sales. Marketing to
 ingredient/food service customers is focused on trade-oriented
 activities. Our consumer-targeted marketing campaigns include television,
 print and on-line advertisements, coupons, co-marketing
 arrangements with complementary consumer product companies, and
 cooperative advertising with select retail customers. Our
 television advertising airs on national network and cable
 channels and often features key sport venues suited to our
 product demographic such as the Super Bowl, the NFL and Major
 League Baseball. We design and provide point-of-purchase
 displays for use by our retail customers. These displays, and
 other shelving and pegboard displays, help ensure that our
 products are promoted in a consistent, eye-catching manner. They
 also enable us to make our products available for sale in
 multiple locations in a store, often outside of the baking and
 snack aisles, thus increasing impulse purchase opportunities.
 Our public relations and event sponsorship efforts are an
 important component of our overall marketing and brand awareness
 strategy. Our public relations efforts include distribution of
 free consumer publications designed to educate consumers about
 diet and health in addition to the convenience and versatility
 of nuts as both a snack and recipe ingredient. We also conduct
 news media outreach programs and use our websites for product
 promotion and consumer entertainment. We offer samples and reach
 out to active lifestyle consumers by sponsoring events such as
 marathons, other running events and a nationally televised
 college football bowl game, the Emerald Bowl. Promotional activities associated with our ingredient/food
 service products include attending regional and national trade
 shows, trade publication advertising, and customer-specific
 marketing efforts. These promotional efforts highlight our
 commitment to quality assurance, our processing and storage
 capabilities, and product customization. We enter into
 co-branding arrangements with customers, such as McDonalds,
 General Mills, and Old Colony Baking, where the producer of
 another branded product indicates on the package that Diamond of
 California brand products are an ingredient. Sales and
 Distribution We market our consumer products through our sales personnel
 directly to large, national grocery, mass merchandiser, club and
 convenience stores and drug store chains. Our sales department
 also oversees a network of over 170 independent brokers and
 various independent distributors and suppliers to regional
 grocery store chains and convenience stores. We distribute our products from our California, Alabama and
 Indiana production facilities, and from leased warehouse and
 distribution facilities located in California, Florida, Georgia,
 Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
 Texas, Wisconsin and Canada. Our sales administration and
 logistics department manages the administration and fulfillment
 of customer orders. The majority of our products are shipped
 from our production, warehouse and distribution facilities by
 contract and common carriers. 6 Table of Contents Product
 Development and Production We develop our products through an arrangement with
 Mattson & Company, an independent food product
 development firm. This arrangement enables us to use top-quality
 talent to develop innovative products quickly, particularly for
 our snack nut product line, while minimizing product development
 costs. Our management team works closely with
 Mattson & Company throughout all phases of new product
 development. Once new products have been identified and developed, our
 internal production staff manages the process from inception to
 large-scale production and is responsible for consistently
 delivering high-quality products to market. We process and
 package most of our products at our Stockton, California,
 Robertsdale, Alabama and Fishers, Indiana facilities.
 Periodically, we may use third parties to process and package a
 portion of our products when warranted by demand requirements
 for our products. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products
 compete against food products sold by many regional and national
 companies, some of which are larger and have substantially
 greater resources than Diamond. We believe that additional
 competitors will enter the snack nut market as large food
 companies begin to offer products that directly compete with our
 snack offerings. We also compete for shelf space of retail
 grocers, convenience stores, drug stores, mass merchandisers and
 club stores. As these retailers consolidate, the number of
 customers and potential customers declines and their purchasing
 power increases. As a result, there is greater pressure to
 manage distribution capabilities in ways that increase
 efficiency for these large retailers, especially on a national
 scale. In general, competition in our markets is based on
 product quality, price, brand recognition, and loyalty. The
 combination of the strength of our brands, our product quality
 and differentiation as well as our broad channel distribution
 enable us to compete effectively in each of these categories.
 Our principal competitors are national nut distributors, such as
 Planters, nut processors, and regional and international food
 suppliers. Raw
 Materials and Supplies We obtain nuts from domestic and international sources. We
 currently obtain the majority of our walnuts from growers that
 have entered into long-term supply contracts, and we purchase
 all of our other nut requirements from processors on the open
 market. During 2007, all of the walnuts, peanuts and almonds we
 obtained were grown in the United States. We obtain all of our
 walnuts directly from growers located in California and we
 purchase other nuts from importers and domestic processors. Most
 of our supply of hazelnuts and pecans were grown in the United
 States. We import Brazil nuts from the Amazon basin; cashew nuts
 from India, Africa, Brazil and Southeast Asia; hazelnuts from
 Turkey; pecans from Mexico; and pine nuts from China. We believe that we will be able to procure an adequate supply of
 raw materials for our products in the future, although the
 availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our
 products are subject to crop size, quality, yield fluctuations,
 and changes in governmental regulation, the rate of supply
 contract renewals as well as other factors. We purchase from third parties all other supplies used in our
 business, including roasting oils, seasonings, plastic
 containers, foil bags, labels and other packaging materials. We
 believe that each of these supplies is available from multiple
 sources and that our business is not materially dependent upon
 any individual supplier relationship. Trademarks
 and Patents We market our products primarily under the Diamond and Emerald
 brands, which are registered as trademarks with the
 U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various
 other jurisdictions. Our agreement with Blue Diamond Growers
 limits our use of the Diamond brand in connection with our
 marketing of snack nut products, but preserves our exclusive use
 of our Diamond brand for all culinary and inshell nut products.
 We also own two U.S. patents of various durations related
 to our processing methods. While these patents are an important
 element of our success, our business as a whole is not
 materially dependent on either one of them. We expect to
 continue to renew for the foreseeable future those trademarks
 that are important to our business. Seasonality We experience seasonality in our business. Demand for our
 products is highest during the months of September, October,
 November and December. We purchase walnuts, pecans and almonds,
 our principal raw materials, between 7 Table of Contents August and February, and process them throughout the year until
 the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality, our
 personnel, working capital requirements and inventories peak
 during the last four months of the calendar year. We experience
 seasonality in capacity utilization at our Stockton, California
 facility associated with the annual harvest during this period. Employees As of July 20, 2007, we had 754 full-time employees,
 consisting of 550 production and distribution employees, 176
 corporate staff employees and 28 sales employees. Our labor
 requirements typically peak during the last quarter of the
 calendar year, when we generally use temporary labor to
 supplement our full-time work force. Our production and
 distribution employees in the Stockton, California plant are
 members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. In 2005,
 we entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with
 these employees that expires in March 2010. We consider our
 relations with our employees to be good. Item 1A. | Risk Factors This report contains forward-looking statements that involve
 risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
 materially from the results discussed or implied in such
 forward-looking statements due to such risks and uncertainties.
 Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not
 limited to, those discussed below, in the section entitled
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere in this
 report. We could
 be required to conduct product recalls; concerns with the safety
 and quality of food products could harm our sales or cause
 consumers to avoid our products. We face risks associated with product liability claims and
 product recalls if our products cause injury, or become
 adulterated, mislabeled or misbranded. Our products are subject
 to product tampering, and to contamination risks, such as mold,
 bacteria, insects and other pests, shell fragments,
 cross-contamination and off-flavor contamination. If any of our
 products were to be tampered with, or become tainted in any of
 these respects and we were unable to detect this prior to
 shipment, our products could be subject to a recall. Our ability
 to sell products could be reduced if governmental agencies
 conclude that our products have been tampered with, or that
 certain pesticides, herbicides or other chemicals used by
 growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or
 that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other
 agents. A significant product recall could cause our products to
 be unavailable for a period of time and reduce our sales.
 Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence
 in our products and also reduce our sales. Product liability
 claims and product recalls could increase our expenses and have
 a material adverse effect on demand for our products and,
 consequently, reduce our sales, net income and liquidity. Our raw
 materials are subject to fluctuations in availability and
 price. The availability, size, quality and cost of raw materials for
 the production of our products, including walnuts, pecans,
 peanuts, cashews, almonds and other nuts, are subject to risks
 inherent to farming, such as crop size, quality, and yield
 fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions, pest
 and disease problems, and other factors beyond our control. Nut
 market prices fluctuate based on supply and demand. Worldwide
 demand for nuts has been increasing, and if the supply of nuts
 does not expand to meet demand, our costs will continue to
 increase. Supply shortages and resulting price increases could
 adversely impact our profitability. High prices might dampen
 growth of consumer demand for nuts. Currently, we do not hedge
 against changes in nut commodity prices. Because walnuts
 currently represent approximately 60% of our net sales, we are
 particularly vulnerable to crop disasters or other events that
 could cause significant fluctuations in the availability and
 cost of walnuts. We receive our walnut crop each Fall, and process and sell the
 crop over the next 12 to 15 months. We start each Fall with
 a large inventory of walnuts, which diminishes as we process and
 sell the crop. If there is a decline in the market price of
 walnuts, a significant portion of our inventories could decline
 in value, and this might result in a write-down of inventory.
 Our inventories of other nuts are also substantial. Any
 write-down of inventory would adversely impact our operating
 results. We source our walnuts primarily directly from growers pursuant
 to walnut purchase agreements. These agreements are output
 contracts that require growers to supply, and Diamond to
 purchase, all walnut product from 8 Table of Contents the orchards specified in the agreement. To the extent growers
 under contract produce more walnuts than we anticipate, we would
 still be required to purchase the entire output, which could
 lead to an over supply situation in which we may be forced to
 carry more inventory than we can profitably sell. Similarly, if
 growers under contract produce fewer walnuts than we anticipate,
 or if a significant number of growers decide not to renew their
 contracts as they expire, our supply of walnuts would decline,
 which would constrain the amount of raw material we have to
 process and sell. Any significant over supply or shortage of
 walnuts could adversely impact our operating results. We face
 intense competition from national and regional competitors and
 snack food industry competitors that could negatively affect our
 results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment. In general,
 competition in our markets is based on product quality, price,
 brand recognition, and brand loyalty. Our products compete
 against food and snack products sold by many regional and
 national companies, some of which are substantially larger and
 have greater resources. We also compete for shelf space in
 retail grocery, convenience, drug, mass merchandiser, and club
 stores. As these retailers consolidate, the number of customers
 and potential customers declines and the purchasing power of the
 consolidated retailers increases. As a result, there is also
 greater pressure to manage distribution capabilities in ways
 that increase efficiency for these large retailers, especially
 on a national scale. Our competitors with greater resources may
 be in a better position to meet these requirements. If we cannot
 improve our national distribution capabilities, we might not be
 able to compete effectively and our sales may decline. We compete in the highly competitive snack food industry with
 our Emerald brand snack product line. Some channels through
 which we sell our Emerald products, such as drug and convenience
 stores, are different than those that we typically use for
 culinary and in-shell products, and we have less experience in
 these channels than our competitors. Furthermore, to compete in
 other channels, such as club stores, the sales cycle can be
 extended one year or longer and may require displacing incumbent
 vendors who have longer relationships with the buyers. Our
 principal competitors in the snack industry have substantial
 financial, marketing and other resources. If our competitors
 lower their prices or increase their promotional spending, or we
 are unable to compete effectively, our growth opportunities,
 margins and profitability may decline. Our snack business currently generates minimal gross margins. If
 we are not successful in increasing snack sales and lowering
 unit costs, we may not be able to increase our profitability. Sales to
 our top customer represented approximately 19% of our net sales.
 The loss of any major customer could adversely impact our
 business. We depend on a few significant customers for a large proportion
 of our net sales. This concentration has become more pronounced
 with the trend toward consolidation in the retail grocery store
 industry. Sales to Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. represented
 approximately 19% of total net sales for the year ended
 July 31, 2007. Sales to Costco Wholesale Corporation
 represented 10% of total net sales for the year ended
 July 31, 2007. The loss of a significant customer or a
 material decrease in purchases could result in decreased sales
 and adversely impact our net income. Because
 we experience seasonal fluctuations in our sales, our quarterly
 results will fluctuate and our annual performance will depend
 largely on results from two quarters. Our business is highly seasonal, reflecting the general pattern
 of peak consumer demand for nut products during the months of
 September, October, November, and December. Typically, a
 substantial portion of our revenues are earned during our first
 and second fiscal quarters. We generally experience lower
 revenues during our third and fourth fiscal quarters and in the
 future may incur losses in these quarters. Sales in the first
 and second fiscal quarters accounted for approximately 60% of
 our revenues for the year ended July 31, 2007. If sales in
 these quarters are lower than expected, our operating results
 would be adversely affected, and it would have a
 disproportionately large impact on our annual operating results. Changes
 in the food industry, including changing dietary trends and
 consumer preferences, could reduce demand for our
 products. Consumer tastes can change rapidly due to many factors,
 including shifting consumer preferences, dietary trends, and
 purchasing patterns. Our growth is largely dependent on the
 snack industry, where consumer preferences are 9 Table of Contents particularly unpredictable. To address consumer preferences, we
 invest significant resources in research and development of new
 products. If we fail to anticipate, identify or react to
 consumer trends, or if new products we develop do not achieve
 acceptance by retailers or consumers, demand for our products
 could decline, which would in turn cause our revenue and
 profitability to be lower. Developments
 in the walnut industry could threaten our position in the
 industry. Advances in walnut shelling and processing equipment have
 recently made it possible for large growers with consistent
 supplies of easy-to-crack varieties of walnuts to shell their
 own walnuts and compete directly with us in the ingredient
 products segment. In the future, these growers could have lower
 processing costs than we do. In addition, other walnut handlers
 compete with us to recruit growers to gain access to walnut
 crop, and their success could impact our supply of raw walnut
 material. In order to compete effectively in our markets, we
 will need to develop strategies for responding to these
 developments. If we are unable to respond effectively to this
 change, our sales and profits could be impaired. We depend
 on our key personnel and if we lose the services of any of these
 individuals, or fail to attract and retain additional key
 personnel, we will not be able to implement our business
 strategy or operate our business effectively. Our future success largely depends on the contributions of our
 senior operating management team. We believe that the expertise
 and knowledge of these individuals about our industry and their
 respective fields, are critical factors to our continued growth
 and success. We do not have key person insurance. The loss of
 the services of any of these individuals could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and prospects. Our success also
 depends upon our ability to attract and retain additional
 qualified marketing, technical, and other personnel. The
 Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and
 Response Act of 2002 could disrupt our supply of imported
 nuts. The Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and
 Response Act of 2002, which we refer to as the Bioterrorism Act,
 includes a number of provisions designed to help guard against
 the threat of bioterrorism, including new authority for the
 Secretary of Health and Human Services to take action to protect
 the nation’s food supply against the threat of intentional
 contamination. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or
 FDA, is responsible for developing and implementing these food
 safety measures. The FDA has been in the process of issuing new
 rules, and the uncertainty of the content of these rules makes
 it difficult for us to predict what impact they might have on
 our business. The potential actions that may be taken by the
 federal government under the Bioterrorism Act and related rules
 may have a material adverse effect on our business by limiting
 our supply of or increasing prices for cashews and other
 imported nuts. In addition, the Bioterrorism Act and related
 rules may also result in higher costs for plant security and
 product safety, and create additional costs associated with the
 new regulatory requirements. If we are unable to pass these
 higher costs on to our customers, our results of operations and
 financial condition may be adversely affected. Government
 regulation could increase our costs of production and increase
 our legal and regulatory expenditures. We are subject to extensive regulation by government agencies.
 Among other things, these regulations govern the manufacturing,
 importation, processing, packaging, storage, distribution, and
 labeling of our products. We are also subject to environmental
 regulations governing the discharge of air emissions, water and
 food waste, and the generation, handling, storage,
 transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. New
 or amended statutes and regulations, increased production at our
 existing facilities, and our expansion into new operations and
 jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and permits
 and could require us to change our methods of operations at
 costs that could be substantial. For example, we currently
 fumigate walnuts with methyl bromide to control pest
 infestations during the transport and storage of walnuts. A
 recent amendment to the Clean Air Act requires the use of methyl
 bromide for pest control to be phased out. We have obtained a
 temporary exemption from the phase out of methyl bromide, but we
 may not be able to maintain the exemption in the future. The
 currently available alternatives to methyl bromide are more
 expensive than methyl bromide and are less effective at
 controlling pest infestations. As a result, if we are unable to
 continue to use methyl bromide, our costs would increase,
 shipments of our products could be delayed and we may suffer
 pest infestations that could harm the nuts we use in our
 products. Failure to comply with applicable 10 Table of Contents laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies,
 including fines, injunctions, recalls or seizures, as well as
 possible criminal sanctions, all of which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. We are
 subject to risks of doing business internationally. We conduct a substantial amount of business with vendors and
 customers located outside the United States. During 2007, sales
 outside the United States, primarily in Germany, Japan, Spain
 and Italy, accounted for approximately 26% of our net sales. Our
 international operations are subject to a number of inherent
 risks, including: • | local economic and political conditions, including disruptions in trading markets;
• | restrictive foreign governmental actions, including restrictions on transfers of funds and trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and customs duties and tariffs;
• | changes in legal or regulatory requirements affecting foreign investment, loans, taxes, imports, and exports;
• | currency exchange rate fluctuations which, depending upon the nature of the changes, may make our finished products more expensive compared to foreign grown products or may increase our cost of obtaining foreign-sourced raw materials; and
• | earthquakes, tsunamis, floods or other major disasters may limit the supply of nuts that we purchase abroad. Any of these international business risks could have a material
 and adverse effect on our operating results. Increased
 costs associated with product processing and transportation,
 such as water, electricity, natural gas and fuel, could increase
 our expenses and reduce our profitability. We require a substantial amount of energy and water to process
 our nuts. Also, transportation costs represent a significant
 portion of the cost of our products, as we deliver our products
 and receive our raw materials via third party truck and rail
 companies. The price of energy, water, and transportation such
 as fuel prices and labor costs, fluctuate significantly over
 time. We may not be able to pass on increased costs of
 production or transportation to our customers. In addition, from
 time to time, transportation service providers have a backlog of
 shipping requests, which could impact our ability to ship
 products in a timely fashion. Increases in the cost of water,
 electricity, natural gas, fuel or labor, and failure to ship
 products on time, could substantially harm our business and
 results of operations. A
 disruption at any of our production facilities would
 significantly decrease production, which could increase our cost
 of sales and reduce our income from operations. A temporary or extended interruption in operations at any of our
 facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties,
 destruction or damage from fire or earthquake, infrastructure
 failures such as power or water shortages or any other reason,
 whether or not covered by insurance, could interrupt our
 manufacturing operations, disrupt communications with our
 customers and suppliers and cause us to write off inventory and
 to lose sales. These risks to our business are particularly
 acute with respect to our Stockton, California facility, where
 we produced products accounting for over 80% of our net sales
 for 2007. Further, current and potential customers might not
 purchase our products if they perceive our lack of an alternate
 manufacturing facility to be a risk to their continuing source
 of products. The
 acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to our
 profitability. We intend to review acquisition prospects that we believe would
 complement our existing business. Future acquisitions could
 result in accounting charges, potentially dilutive issuances of
 equity securities, and increased debt and contingent
 liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect
 on our business and the market price of our common stock.
 Acquisitions entail many risks, including the integration of the
 acquired operations, diversion of management’s attention,
 risks of entering markets in which we have limited prior
 experience, and the potential loss of key employees of acquired
 organizations. We may be unable to integrate successfully
 businesses or the personnel of any business that might be
 acquired in the future, and our failure to do so could have a
 material adverse effect on our business and on the market price
 of our common stock. 11 Table of Contents Our
 business could be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain
 satisfactory labor relations. The success of our business depends substantially upon our
 ability to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees.
 The production and distribution employees working in our
 Stockton, California plant, who represent approximately 70% of
 our year-round work force, are members of the International
 Brotherhood of Teamsters. If a work stoppage or slow down were
 to occur under our collective bargaining agreement, in
 connection with the negotiation of a new contract in March 2010
 or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and disrupt
 our operations. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 2. | Properties We own our facility located on 70 acres in Stockton,
 California. This facility consists of approximately
 635,000 square feet of office and production space and
 120,000 square feet of refrigerated storage space. We
 lease office space in San Francisco, California. Two other
 production facilities are located in Robertsdale, Alabama and
 Fishers, Indiana. The Robertsdale facility is owned by us and
 consists of approximately 55,000 square feet of office and
 production space and 15,000 square feet of refrigerated
 storage space. The Fishers facility is leased and consists of
 approximately 117,000 square feet of office and production
 space and 60,000 square feet of warehouse/storage space.
 The leases on the Fishers facility are noncancellable operating
 leases which expire through 2019. We also lease warehousing facilities in California, Florida,
 Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Massachusetts, New Jersey,
 Pennsylvania, Texas, Wisconsin and Canada. We believe that our
 facilities are generally well maintained and are in good
 operating condition, and will be adequate for our needs for the
 foreseeable future. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings We are the subject of various legal actions in the ordinary
 course of our business. All such matters are subject to many
 uncertainties that make their outcomes unpredictable. On
 February 3, 2006, PG&E filed a complaint in
 San Francisco County Superior Court alleging, among other
 things, breach of contract as a result of the our decision to
 cease operating our cogeneration facility. PG&E’s
 complaint seeks payment of approximately $1.4 million from
 us plus interest under the contract’s termination
 provisions as well as PG&E’s costs for the lawsuit. We
 believe that the termination payment provision constitutes an
 unenforceable penalty and intend to vigorously defend ourselves
 against PG&E’s lawsuit. We believe that any additional
 liability in excess of amounts recorded, resulting from the
 eventual outcome of this matter will not be material to our
 financial condition or operating results. Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders None 12 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq National Market on
 July 21, 2005 under the symbol “DMND”. Prior to
 that date, there was not a public market for our common stock.
 On July 3, 2006 our common stock began to trade on the
 NASDAQ Global Select Market. The following table sets forth for
 the periods indicated the high and low sales prices of our
 common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market and quarterly cash
 dividends declared on common shares: Dividends
High | Low | Declared
Year Ended July 31, 2007:
Fourth Quarter | $ | 18.20 | $ | 15.25 | $ | 0.03
Third Quarter | $ | 19.64 | $ | 15.00 | $ | 0.03
Second Quarter | $ | 19.93 | $ | 15.90 | $ | 0.03
First Quarter | $ | 18.10 | $ | 13.15 | $ | 0.03
Year Ended July 31, 2006:
Fourth Quarter | $ | 20.04 | $ | 13.85 | $ | 0.03
Third Quarter | $ | 21.80 | $ | 16.52 | $ | 0.03
Second Quarter | $ | 22.00 | $ | 15.45 | $ | 0.03
First Quarter | $ | 22.54 | $ | 16.01 | $ | — One of our credit agreements specifies certain limitations on
 the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid in a fiscal
 year. See Liquidity and Capital Resources. As of August 31, 2007, we had approximately 1,378 holders
 of record of our common stock, although we believe that there
 are a larger number of beneficial owners. The following are details of repurchases of common stock during
 the three months ended July 31, 2007: Total Number of | Approximate Dollar
Total Number | Average Price | Shares Repurchased as | Value of Shares
of Shares | Paid per | Part of Publicly | That May yet Be Purchased
Period | Repurchased(1) | Share | Announced Plans | Under the Plans
Repurchases from May 1 through May 31, 2007 | 3,002 | $ | 16.58 | — | —
Repurchases from June 1 through June 30, 2007 | 2,498 | $ | 17.51 | — | —
Repurchases from July 1 through July 31, 2007 | 64,815 | $ | 17.03 | — | —
Total | 70,315 | $ | 17.03 | — | — (1) | All of the shares in the table above were originally granted to employees as restricted stock pursuant to our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (“EIP”). Pursuant to the EIP, all of the shares reflected above were relinquished by employees in exchange for Diamond’s agreement to pay federal and state withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of the restricted stock. The repurchases reflected above were not made pursuant to a publicly announced plan and are treated as treasury shares available for reissuance. 13 Table of Contents Item 6. | Selected Financial Data The following table sets forth selected financial data for each
 of the fiscal years in the five year period ended July 31,
 2007: Years Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003
(In thousands, except per share information)
Statements of operations (2007 and 2006)/Net proceeds data (1):
Net sales | $ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | $ | 359,683 | $ | 308,450
Patronage inventory at beginning of period | — | — | (101,403 | ) | (94,701 | ) | (96,508 | )
Patronage inventory at end of period | — | — | 67,152 | 101,403 | 94,701
Net sales (2007 and 2006)/Gross marketing | 522,585 | 477,205 | 428,297 | 366,385 | 306,643
pool proceeds
Total cost of sales | 443,945 | 411,809 | 191,387 | 142,592 | 111,483
Gross margin (2007 and 2006)/Proceeds before operating expenses | 78,640 | 65,396 | 236,910 | 223,793 | 195,160
Operating expenses:
Selling general and administrative | 42,541 | 37,046 | 33,188 | 28,169 | 26,937
Advertising | 20,445 | 17,977 | 22,153 | 14,673 | 8,744
Restructuring and other costs, net | (15 | ) | 3,442 | — | — | —
Loss on termination of defined benefit plan | 3,054 | — | — | — | —
Total operating expenses | 66,025 | 58,465 | 55,341 | 42,842 | 35,681
Income from operations (2007 and 2006) / Operating proceeds | 12,615 | 6,931 | 181,569 | 180,951 | 159,479
Interest, net | 1,291 | 295 | 4,433 | 3,403 | 3,282
Conversion costs | — | — | 697 | — | —
Early extinguishment of debt | — | — | 2,028 | — | —
Other | 98 | 310 | — | — | —
Income/Proceeds before income taxes | 11,226 | 6,326 | 174,411 | 177,548 | 156,197
Income tax expense (benefit) | 2,793 | (1,010 | ) | (8,385 | ) | (43 | ) | 1,526
Net income (2007 and 2006)/Net proceeds | $ | 8,433 | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796 | $ | 177,591 | $ | 154,671
Earnings per share
Basic | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Diluted | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Shares used to compute earnings per share
Basic | 15,786 | 15,634
Diluted | 15,786 | 15,653 14 Table of Contents Years Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2004 | 2003
(In thousands)
Balance sheet data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 33,755 | $ | 35,614 | $ | 49,035 | $ | 4,780 | $ | 306
Working capital | 100,527 | 87,689 | 89,022 | 72,556 | 56,343
Total assets | 236,403 | 253,032 | 252,028 | 205,895 | 172,168
Total debt, including short-term debt | 20,507 | 20,000 | 22,119 | 79,756 | 61,239
Total stockholders’/members’ equity | 125,341 | 110,826 | 99,462 | 59,214 | 44,216 Other data (Unaudited):
Walnuts sales as a percentage of total net sales | 59.8% | 67.0% | 71.4% | 71.7% | 75.7% (1) | As an agricultural cooperative association, we derived revenues from our patronage business, which consisted of processing and marketing walnuts on behalf of Diamond members and our non-patronage business, which consisted of purchasing, processing and marketing nut varieties other than walnuts. Our financial statements prior to fiscal year 2006 included statements of net proceeds prepared in accordance with GAAP for agricultural cooperative associations, rather than statements of operations. Net proceeds are amounts distributable to member growers from the patronage business. Net proceeds also include net income or loss from non-patronage business. Net proceeds do not include walnut acquisition costs. Effective August 1, 2005, our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for companies that are not cooperative associations. We were not a public company during fiscal years prior to 2006, thus no earnings per share data is presented for those years. Also see Note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements. Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary We are a branded food company specializing in processing,
 marketing and distributing culinary, in-shell and ingredient
 nuts and snack products. Our company was founded in 1912 and has
 a strong heritage in the inshell and culinary markets under the
 Diamond of California brand. On July 26, 2005 we converted
 from an agricultural cooperative association to a Delaware
 corporation and completed the initial public offering of our
 common stock. As a public company, our focus is on building
 stockholder value. We intend to expand our existing business and
 to continue to introduce higher-value branded products in our
 culinary and snack businesses, including snack products marketed
 under our Emerald and Emerald/Harmony brand names. Our products
 are sold in over 60,000 retail locations in the United States
 and in over 100 countries. We sell products to approximately 900
 customers, including over 150 international customers. In
 general, we sell directly to retailers, particularly large,
 national grocery store and drug store chains, and indirectly
 through wholesale distributors who serve independent and small
 regional retail grocery store chains and convenience stores. We
 also sell our products to mass merchandisers, club stores,
 convenience stores and through other retail channels. Our business is seasonal. Consumer demand for nut products,
 particularly in-shell nuts and to a lesser extent, culinary
 nuts, is highest during the months of October, November and
 December. We receive our principal raw material, walnuts, during
 the period from September to November and process it throughout
 the year. As a result of this seasonality, our personnel and
 working capital requirements and walnut inventories peak during
 the last quarter of the calendar year. This seasonality also
 impacts capacity utilization at our facilities, which routinely
 operate at capacity for the last four months of the calendar
 year. Diamond’s focus is on expanding sales of products in the
 North American retail channel, particularly snack and culinary
 products. For non-retail channels, during the last two years,
 Diamond has focused on increasing sales of higher value added,
 higher margin products while reducing sales of lower margin
 products. As a result, volume sales have declined in this
 channel and are expected to decline for at least the next year.
 Accordingly, Diamond periodically assesses its walnut supply
 requirements and sources, including the volume of walnuts to be
 received under long-term contracts or from other sources. The
 allocation of walnuts received from the various sources may vary
 from year to year 15 Table of Contents depending on a variety of factors, including contract renewals,
 Diamond’s assessment of future walnut supply and demand and
 other factors. A disproportionate amount of our net sales and related net
 income (net proceeds prior to the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2006) are recognized in the first half of our
 fiscal year. For example, net sales in the first half of 2007
 and 2006 were 59.9% and 63.3% of net sales for each full fiscal
 year. In the near term, we expect a higher percentage of our net
 income to be earned in the first half of our fiscal year because
 many of our operating costs are fixed and cannot be reduced when
 net sales are lower quarter to quarter. However, as we continue
 to introduce new products, such as snack products, we expect net
 sales, and related net income, to be less seasonal. The historical financial information contained herein for fiscal
 years prior to 2006 have been derived from financial statements
 prepared in accordance with GAAP for agricultural cooperative
 associations. Effective August 1, 2005, our financial
 statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP for
 companies that are not cooperative associations. The principal
 difference relates to accounting for walnut inventories. As an
 agricultural cooperative association we used the net realizable
 value, or NRV, method to value walnut inventories delivered by
 members. NRV is the estimated sales price of inventories less
 estimated completion, distribution and selling costs. Our
 financial statements prior to August 1, 2005 did not
 include a cost of goods sold for walnuts received from members.
 Effective August 1, 2005, we account for purchases of
 walnuts from growers on a lower of cost or market basis.
 Consequently, the results of operations reported subsequent to
 fiscal year 2005 are significantly different than net proceeds
 reported in fiscal year 2005 and prior. Critical
 Accounting Policies Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
 us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
 amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We
 base our estimates on historical experience and various other
 assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
 circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making
 judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
 that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
 may differ from these estimates. Our critical accounting
 policies are set forth below. Revenue Recognition. We recognize revenue when
 a persuasive arrangement exists, title has transferred (based
 upon terms of shipment), price is fixed, delivery occurs and
 collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of
 rebates, introductory or slotting payments, coupons, promotion
 and marketing allowances. Customers have the right to return
 certain products. These product returns are estimated based upon
 historical results and are reflected as a reduction in net sales. Inventories. All inventories are accounted for
 on a lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market basis. In connection with our July 2005 initial public offering, we
 entered into long-term Walnut Purchase Agreements with
 substantially all of our former member growers. Under these
 agreements, growers deliver their entire walnut crop to us
 during the Fall harvest season and we provide to each grower
 their purchase price for this inventory by March 31 of the
 following year. This purchase price will be a price determined
 by Diamond in good faith, taking into account market conditions,
 crop size, quality, and varieties, among other relevant factors.
 Since the ultimate price to be paid will be determined each
 March subsequent to receiving the walnut crop, management must
 make an estimate of this price for the first and second quarter
 interim financial statements. These estimates are subject to
 change and such changes, if any, could be material. We
 determined the purchase prices for the 2005 and 2006 crops in
 March 2006 and 2007, respectively. These determinations had no
 material impact on previously reported quarterly results. Valuation of Long-lived and Intangible Assets and
 Goodwill. We periodically review long-lived
 assets and certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment
 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (SFAS) No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-lived Assets.” Goodwill is reviewed
 for impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” in the
 fourth quarter of each year. We cannot assure you that a
 material impairment charge will not be recorded in the future. For assets to be held and used, including acquired intangibles,
 we initiate our review whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of intangible
 assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is
 measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected
 future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is 16 Table of Contents expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized is
 measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair market value. Significant management judgment
 is required in this process. Employee Benefits. We incur various
 employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified and
 nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans.
 Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value
 certain liabilities, assumed rates of return on assets in the
 plans, compensation increases, employee turnover and mortality
 rates. We utilize Curcio Webb LLC, a third-party actuarial firm
 to assist us in determining appropriate assumptions and plan
 valuations. Different assumptions could result in the
 recognition of differing amounts of expense over different
 periods of time. Income Taxes. We account for income taxes in
 accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for
 Income Taxes” , which requires that deferred tax assets
 and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary
 differences between the financial statement and tax basis of
 recorded assets and liabilities at current tax rates.
 SFAS No. 109 also requires that deferred tax assets be
 reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not
 that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on
 both our historical and anticipated earnings levels and is
 reviewed periodically to determine if an adjustment to the
 valuation allowance is necessary to state such assets at amounts
 that will more likely than not be recovered. Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation. We
 account for stock-based compensation arrangements, including
 stock option grants and restricted stock awards, in accordance
 with the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) Share-Based
 Payment . Under SFAS No. 123(R), compensation cost
 is recognized based on the fair value of equity awards on the
 date of grant. The compensation cost is then amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the vesting period. We use the Black
 Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of
 stock options at the date of grant. This model requires us to
 make assumptions such as expected term, volatility and
 forfeiture rates that determine the stock options fair value.
 These key assumptions are based on historical information and
 judgment regarding market factors and trends. If actual results
 are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in
 estimating these factors, we may be required to increase or
 decrease compensation expense or income tax expense, which could
 be material to our results of operations. Non-GAAP Financial
 Information The following non-GAAP financial information excludes a one-time
 charge to cost of sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2006 as a
 result of the conversion from a cooperative association to a
 public company in July 2005. This charge relates to the use of
 NRV accounting for certain inventories acquired prior to
 August 1, 2005. Starting August 1, 2005, we began
 using the lower of cost or market method of valuing walnut
 inventories acquired subsequent to that date. As a result of
 using NRV accounting for certain inventories through
 July 31, 2005, these inventories were valued higher than
 they would have been under the lower of cost or market method.
 Therefore, as those inventories were sold, the amount charged to
 cost of goods sold was higher. Beginning August 1, 2005, our cost basis for walnuts is the
 price we pay for them. For the year ended July 31, 2005,
 estimated walnut acquisition cost is presented for purposes of
 comparability of our financial results to the years ended
 July 31, 2007 and 2006. Estimated walnut acquisition costs
 are based on the “field price” reported by the
 California Statistical Office of the USDA National Agricultural
 Statistics Service, or CASS, for each related crop year. We
 believe this information is the only available measure of
 industry-wide walnut acquisition costs. We cannot determine an
 actual cost basis for walnuts acquired and sold in years prior
 to fiscal year 2006. In addition, we: • | are unable to determine retroactively what we would have paid for walnuts in prior years had we not been a cooperative association;
• | are unable to determine whether what we would have paid for walnuts would approximate amounts paid to other growers by other processors as reflected in the CASS statistics;
• | are limited by the level of detail provided by the CASS statistics; and
• | cannot ensure that the cost of sales amounts implied by the CASS statistics are representative of future cost of sales amounts. We have not undertaken any effort to validate the accuracy of
 the CASS statistics. 17 Table of Contents Year Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
(In thousands)
Net sales | $ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548
Non-GAAP cost of sales | 443,945 | 409,039 | 413,750
Non-GAAP gross margin | $ | 78,640 | $ | 68,166 | $ | 48,798 A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP information is as follows: Year Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005
(In thousands)
GAAP cost of sales | $ | 411,809 | $ | 191,387
Adjustment to remove one time impact of accounting for certain inventories on NRV basis | (2,770 | ) | —
Adjustment to convert walnut inventories to cost basis and to record estimated walnut cost of goods sold | — | 222,363
Non-GAAP cost of sales | $ | 409,039 | $ | 413,750 Results
 of Operations 2007
 Compared to 2006 Net sales were $522.6 million and $477.2 million for
 the years ended July 31, 2007 and 2006. The increase in net
 sales was primarily due to higher volumes in North American
 Retail, partially offset by lower volume in the North American
 Ingredient and International channels. Volume increased from
 193.8 million pounds sold in 2006 to 209.7 million
 pounds sold in 2007, an increase of 8.2%. Years ended July 31, | % Change from
2007 | 2006 | 2006 to 2007
North American Retail(1) | $ | 333,117 | $ | 274,879 | 21.2 | %
International | 112,830 | 114,781 | (1.7 | )
North American Ingredient/Food Service | 73,822 | 84,475 | (12.6 | )
Other | 2,816 | 3,070 | (8.3 | )
Total | $ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | 9.5 | % (1) | North American Retail represents sales of our culinary, snack and in-shell products in North America. The increase in North American Retail sales resulted from the
 continued expansion of our snack products, sales of which were
 $79.6 million in 2007 compared to $40.7 million in
 2006, and to increased sales of culinary products, particularly
 in the club channel, offset by lower culinary sales in the mass
 merchandiser channel. Sales were lower in the mass merchandiser
 channel as a result of our decision not to participate in a
 seasonal program with one customer. Total culinary sales in
 dollar terms increased 9.3% in 2007. Inshell sales, in dollar
 terms increased 3.8% in 2007. International and ingredient sales
 declined primarily as a result of fewer products available to
 sell. This decline in volume was offset, in part, by higher
 pricing. Sales of walnuts and other nuts as a percentage of net sales
 were: Years ended July 31,
2007 | 2006
Walnuts | 59.8 | % | 67.0 | %
Other nuts | 40.2 | % | 33.0 | %
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % 18 Table of Contents Gross margin. Gross margin as a percentage of
 net sales was 15.0% and 13.7% for the years ended July 31,
 2007 and 2006. Gross Margin in 2006 included a one-time charge
 to cost of sales as a result of the conversion from cooperative
 to public company, as described above. Excluding this charge,
 gross margin in 2006 was 14.3%. On a non-GAAP basis, gross
 margin per pound shipped increased 6.5% to $0.375 in 2007 from
 $0.352 in 2006. Selling, general and administrative. Selling,
 general and administrative expenses consist principally of
 salaries and benefits for sales and administrative personnel,
 brokerage, professional services, travel, non-manufacturing
 depreciation, facility costs and stock-based compensation.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were
 $42.6 million and $37.0 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2007 and 2006. Selling, general and administrative
 expenses included stock based compensation charges of
 $5.9 million and $4.0 million for 2007 and 2006.
 Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of
 net sales were 8.1% and 7.8% for 2007 and 2006. The increase in
 selling, general and administrative expenses is primarily due to
 additional sales and marketing costs and non-cash stock-based
 compensation expense. Advertising. Advertising expense was
 $20.4 million and $18.0 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2007 and 2006. The increase is principally due to
 our continued investment in the brand equity of Emerald. Restructuring and other costs,
 net. Restructuring and other costs for the year
 ended July 31, 2007 totaled $(0.02) million. This net
 credit related principally to 1) costs of closing the our
 Lemont facility and the consolidation of operations in the
 Fishers’ facility of $1.0 million 2) contract
 termination costs and certain professional fees of
 $0.2 million offset by 3) a gain on the sale of the
 Lemont facility of $1.2 million. Restructuring and other costs totaled $3.4 million in 2006
 and consist of 1) restructuring expenses principally
 related to the closure of our Lemont facility and the
 consolidation of operations in our Fishers’ facility;
 2) costs related to terminating two contracts, one with
 PG&E associated with our cogeneration plant and one
 associated with a former distributor for Germany; and
 3) professional service fees related to the identification
 of California Enterprise Zone tax credits as described in the
 income tax benefit section below. Loss on termination of defined benefit
 plan. During the year ended July 31, 2007,
 we recorded a substantially non-cash loss on termination of
 defined benefit plan of $3.1 million related to the
 termination of a qualified defined benefit plan covering all
 salaried employees. Interest. Net interest expense was
 $1.3 million and $0.3 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2007 and 2006. The increase was primarily due to
 less average net cash available for investment during 2007 as
 compared to 2006. Income taxes. Income tax expense was
 $2.8 million in 2007 compared to a benefit of
 $(1.0) million in 2006. The 2006 income tax benefit
 includes approximately $3.8 million (net of federal income
 tax impact) of California Enterprise Zone tax credits for years
 prior to 2006. Without such benefit, the effective tax rate
 would have been 42% in 2006. During 2007, we reduced our
 effective tax rate for the year from 42% to 38%, and recognized
 the effect of discrete tax items (including reduction of a
 valuation reserve of approximately $1.0 million as we have
 been profitable since the conversion) which reduced our
 effective tax rate to approximately 25%. Income tax expense for
 2008 is expected to be approximately 38% of pre-tax income
 before the impact of any discrete tax items. 2006
 Compared to 2005 Net sales were $477.2 million and $462.5 million for
 the years ended July 31, 2006 and 2005. The increase in net
 sales was primarily due to higher prices and to sales from the
 acquired Harmony business, partially offset by lower volume.
 Volume decreased from 225.7 million pounds sold in 2005 to
 193.8 million pounds sold in 2006. The increase in prices
 reflected higher commodity costs for raw materials, which we
 were able to pass on, in part, to consumers. This higher pricing
 was principally for walnuts, pecans and almonds in the North
 American Retail channel, and walnuts in the North American
 Ingredient/Food Service and International channels. 19 Table of Contents Net sales by channel (in thousands): Years ended July 31, | % Change from
2006 | 2005 | 2005 to 2006
North American Retail | $ | 274,879 | $ | 228,522 | 20.3 | %
International | 114,781 | 122,514 | (6.3 | )
North American Ingredient/Food Service | 84,475 | 107,029 | (21.1 | )
Other | 3,070 | 4,483 | (31.5 | )
Total | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 | 3.2 | % The increase in North American Retail sales reflects the
 expansion of our snack products, sales of which were
 $40.7 million in 2006 (including $6.7 million sales of
 Harmony products) compared to $21.6 million in 2005, price
 increases on various products, and increased volume for culinary
 products, particularly in the mass merchandisers and club
 channels. International and ingredient/food service sales
 decreased as a result of less product available to sell due to
 lower ending inventory at July 31, 2005. The decline in
 volume was partially offset by higher pricing. Sales of walnuts and other nuts as a percentage of net sales
 were as follows: Years Ended July 31,
2006 | 2005
Walnuts | 67.0 | % | 71.4 | %
Other nuts | 33.0 | % | 28.6 | %
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % Gross margin. Gross margin was 13.7% for the
 year ended July 31, 2006 and included a one-time charge to
 cost of sales as described above. On a non-GAAP basis gross
 margin for the years ended July 31, 2006 and 2005 were
 14.3% and 10.6%, respectively and gross margin per pound shipped
 increased 63.0% to $0.352 in 2006 from $0.216 in the same period
 of 2005. Selling, general and administrative. Selling,
 general and administrative expenses were $37.0 million and
 $33.2 million for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year
 ended July 31, 2006 included stock-based compensation
 charges of $4.0 million. There was no such charge in 2005.
 Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
 net sales were 7.8% and 7.2% for 2006 and 2005. Advertising. Advertising expense was $18.0 and
 $22.2 million for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005. The change related principally to the timing of certain
 advertising programs and to initial Emerald advertising
 associated with its national launch in 2005. Interest. Net interest expense was
 $0.3 million and $4.4 million for the years ended
 July 31, 2006 and 2005. This decrease reflected lower
 borrowings due to repayment of indebtedness and utilization of
 cash from the July 2005 initial public offering to fund working
 capital requirements. Income taxes. Income tax benefit was $1.0 and
 $8.4 million for the years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005. The 2006 income tax benefit includes approximately
 $3.8 million (net of federal income tax impact) of
 California Enterprise Zone tax credits for years prior to 2006.
 Without such benefit, the effective tax rate would have been
 42%. As an agricultural cooperative association in 2005, income
 taxes were not provided on patronage net proceeds. Income taxes
 were provided based on the pre-tax income of our non-patronage
 business. The benefit in the year ended July 31, 2005 arose
 from the loss before income taxes of the non-patronage business
 and from establishing certain net deferred tax assets related to
 the former patronage business as a result of the conversion.
 Effective August 1, 2005, all of our business activities
 are taxable under provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and
 certain state tax laws. Liquidity
 and Capital Resources Our liquidity is dependent upon funds generated from operations
 and external sources of financing. 20 Table of Contents As of July 31, 2007, we had a total of $20.0 million
 of senior notes outstanding with two institutional investors. We
 are required to make annual principal repayments on these notes
 in the amount of $4.0 million starting in December 2009.
 The notes mature in December 2013 and bear interest at a rate of
 7.35% per annum. We have an unsecured master loan agreement with CoBank, which
 provides for both a revolving line of credit in an aggregate
 principal amount of $77.5 million that bears interest at a
 rate of LIBOR plus 0.65% per annum, and a long-term revolver
 that provides an aggregate principal amount of
 $20.0 million that bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus
 0.70% per annum. The expiration of the long-term revolver
 agreement is April 1, 2012. The expiration of the revolving
 line of credit is April 1, 2009. As of July 31, 2007
 and 2006, there were no borrowings outstanding on either
 facility. We have a credit agreement with another bank that provides for
 an unsecured revolving line of credit in an aggregate principal
 amount of $52.5 million and a $3.0 million letter of
 credit facility. The revolving line of credit expires on
 January 15, 2008 and bears interest at a rate of LIBOR plus
 0.65% per annum. As of July 31, 2007 and 2006, there were
 no borrowings outstanding on this credit facility. All credit facilities subject us to financial and other
 covenants and certain customary events of default. Further, the
 credit agreement with a bank limits the amount of dividends
 declared or paid to 3% of the Company’s market
 capitalization. As of July 31, 2007 and July 31, 2006,
 we were in compliance with all applicable covenants in our
 credit facilities. Our investment in CoBank represents our cost basis in its stock.
 We are required to maintain this investment to comply with our
 borrowing agreements with CoBank. This investment cannot be
 readily converted to cash because we cannot dispose of it
 without the prior approval of CoBank and only in the event of
 termination of our borrowing agreements with CoBank. Working capital and stockholders’ equity were
 $100.5 million and $125.3 million at July 31,
 2007 compared to $87.7 million and $110.8 million at
 July 31, 2006. During the year ended July 31, 2007, cash provided by
 operating activities was $3.8 million compared to
 $34.0 million during the year ended July 31, 2006. The
 decrease in cash from operating activities was primarily due to
 timing and amount of payments to growers. Cash used in investing
 activities was $3.6 million in 2007 compared to
 $27.4 million in 2006. This change is primarily due to the
 acquisition of Harmony during 2006 and the sale of the Lemont
 facility in 2007 which resulted in cash proceeds of
 $2.9 million. Cash used in financing activities during 2007
 was $2.0 million compared to $20.0 million in 2006.
 Payments in 2006 principally represent initial public offering
 proceeds paid to former members. Cash provided by operating activities during the year ended
 July 31, 2006, was $34.0 million compared to
 $10.5 million during the year ended July 31, 2005. The
 increase was due to improved management of working capital. Cash
 used in investing activities was $27.4 million in 2006
 compared to $10.4 million in 2005. The increase was
 primarily due to the acquisition of Harmony for approximately
 $19.2 million. Cash used in financing activities during
 2006 was $20.0 million which principally represented
 amounts paid to former members for their membership interests.
 This compares to cash provided by financing activities of
 $48.2 million in 2005 which represents proceeds from the
 initial public offering of $105.8 million, partially offset
 by $57.6 million used to pay off short and long-term debt. We believe cash on hand, cash equivalents and cash expected to
 be provided from our operations, in addition to borrowings
 available under our existing lines of credit, will be sufficient
 to fund our contractual commitments, repay obligations as
 required, and meet our operational requirements through the year
 ending July 31, 2008. 21 Table of Contents Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments Contractual obligations and commitments at July 31, 2007
 are as follows (in millions): Payments Due by Period
Less than | 1-3 | 3-5 | More than
Total | 1 Year | Years | Years | 5 Years
Long-term obligation (a) | $ | 20.3 | $ | 0.1 | $ | 4.1 | $ | 8.1 | $ | 8.0
Interest on long-term obligations | 6.5 | 1.5 | 2.8 | 1.7 | 0.5
Operating leases | 13.8 | 2.0 | 3.8 | 3.7 | 4.3
Purchase commitments (b) | 3.6 | 3.6 | — | — | —
Other long-term liabilities (c) | 6.7 | 0.2 | 0.4 | 0.5 | 5.6
Total | $ | 50.9 | $ | 7.4 | $ | 11.1 | $ | 14.0 | $ | 18.4 (a) | Excludes $2.3 million in letters of credit outstanding related to normal business transactions.
(b) | Commitments to purchase new equipment. Excludes purchase commitments under Walnut Purchase Agreements.
(c) | Excludes $0.4 million in deferred rent liabilities. Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements As of July 31, 2007, we did not have any off balance sheet
 arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. Effects
 of Inflation The most significant inflationary factor affecting our net sales
 and cost of sales is the change in market prices for purchased
 nuts. The prices of these commodities are affected by world
 market conditions and are volatile in response to supply and
 demand, as well as political and economic events. The price
 fluctuations of these commodities do not necessarily correlate
 with the general inflation rate. Inflation may, however,
 adversely affect operating costs such as labor, energy and
 materials. Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation of
 FASB Statement 109, which clarifies the accounting for
 income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial
 statements. FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
 and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2006. We are currently
 evaluating the impact of FIN 48 on our consolidated
 financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements . SFAS No. 157
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under generally
 accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods
 within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the
 impact of SFAS No. 157 on our consolidated financial
 statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
 Financial Liabilities — Including an amendment of FASB
 Statement No. 115 .” SFAS No. 159 permits
 companies to measure many financial instruments and certain
 other items at fair value at specified election dates.
 Unrealized gains and losses on these items will be reported in
 earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The fair value
 option may be applied instrument by instrument (with a few
 exceptions), is irrevocable and is applied only to entire
 instruments and not to portions of instruments.
 SFAS No. 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after November 15, 2007. We do not believe that the
 adoption of SFAS No. 159 will have a material impact
 on our results of operations or financial conditions. In June 2007, the FASB approved the issuance of Emerging Issues
 Task Force Issue No. 06-11 “ Accounting for Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on
 Share-Based Payment Awards” (EITF 06-11). EITF 06-11 requires that tax benefits from dividends paid on unvested
 restricted shares be charged directly to stockholders’
 equity instead of benefiting income tax expense. This EITF is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after September 15, 2007. We are currently
 evaluating the impact of EITF 06-11 and do not expect that it will have a material effect on our
 financial statements. 22 Table of Contents Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk. Our principal market risks are
 exposure to changes in commodity prices and interest rates on
 borrowings. Although we have international sales and related
 trade receivables from foreign customers, there is no
 significant foreign currency exchange risk as substantially all
 sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Commodities Risk. The availability, size,
 quality and cost of raw materials for the production of our
 products, including walnuts, pecans, peanuts, cashews, almonds
 and other nuts, are subject to risks inherent to farming, such
 as crop size and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and
 growing conditions, pest and disease problems, and other factors
 beyond our control. Additionally, our supply of raw materials
 could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our
 products have been tampered with, or that certain pesticides,
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful
 residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been
 contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents. Interest Rate Risk. We have established a
 formal investment policy to help minimize the market risk
 exposure of our cash and cash equivalents, which are primarily
 affected by credit quality and movements in interest rates.
 These guidelines focus on managing liquidity and preserving
 principal. Our cash equivalents are primarily held for liquidity
 purposes and are comprised of high quality investments with
 maturities of less than 90 days when purchased. With such a
 short maturity, our portfolio’s market value is relatively
 insensitive to interest rate changes. The sensitivity of our cash and cash equivalent portfolio as of
 July 31, 2007 to a 100 basis point increase or
 decrease in interest rates would be an increase of pretax income
 of approximately $0.3 million or a decrease of pretax
 income of $0.3 million, respectively. Interest rate volatility could also materially affect the fair
 value of our fixed rate debt, as well as the interest rate we
 pay on future borrowings against our lines of credit and
 revolver. The interest rate we pay on future borrowings under
 our lines of credit and revolver are dependent on the London
 Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data MANAGEMENT’S
 REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING The management of Diamond Foods, Inc. is responsible for
 establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
 financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company’s
 internal control system was designed to provide reasonable
 assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding
 the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
 statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
 as of July 31, 2007. In making this assessment, management
 used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
 Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
 Control — Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment using the criteria set forth by COSO in
 Internal Control — Integrated Framework, management
 concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
 effective as of July 31, 2007. Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered
 public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the
 Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. /s/ Michael J. Mendes President and Chief Executive officer | /s/ Seth Halio Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer October 11, 2007 23 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Diamond Foods, Inc. Stockton, California We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
 Diamond Foods, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”)
 as of July 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated
 statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash
 flows for the years then ended, and the statements of net
 proceeds, member’s equity and cash flows for the year ended
 July 31, 2005. We also have audited the Company’s
 internal control over financial reporting as of July 31,
 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the
 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. The Company’s management is responsible for
 these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
 effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
 assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
 financial reporting, included in the accompanying
 “Management’s Report on Internal Control over
 Financial Reporting.” Our responsibility is to express an
 opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an
 opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
 reporting based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
 Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
 free of material misstatement and whether effective internal
 control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
 respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
 examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
 disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
 management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
 presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
 reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
 control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
 material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and
 operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
 assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
 procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We
 believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
 opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
 process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
 company’s principal executive and principal financial
 officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected
 by the company’s board of directors, management, and other
 personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s
 internal control over financial reporting includes those
 policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
 of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
 reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
 company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
 are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
 statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
 being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable
 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
 company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
 financial statements. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over
 financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
 improper management override of controls, material misstatements
 due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the
 effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
 to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may
 become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
 degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
 deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
 to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of Diamond Foods, Inc. and subsidiaries as of
 July 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their operations
 and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
 ended July 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
 respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
 of July 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued
 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
 Commission. 24 Table of Contents As discussed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial
 statements, in fiscal year 2007, the Company adopted Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 158, “Employers’
 Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement
 Plans”. Also, as discussed in Note 2 to the
 consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted Financial
 Accounting Standards No. 123(R), “Share-Based
 Payment”, effective August 1, 2005. /s/ Deloitte &
 Touche LLP San Francisco, California October 11, 2007 25 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEETS July 31,
2007 | 2006
(In thousands, except share and per share information)
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 33,755 | $ | 35,614
Trade receivables, net | 50,662 | 49,536
Inventories | 90,619 | 99,177
Deferred income taxes | 4,805 | 4,578
Prepaid income taxes | 1,854 | 3,147
Property held for sale | — | 1,728
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 2,417 | 4,182
Total current assets | 184,112 | 197,962
Property, plant and equipment, net | 33,936 | 34,291
Investment in CoBank | 1,774 | 2,191
Deferred income taxes | 4,922 | 4,812
Goodwill | 5,432 | 5,077
Other intangible assets, net | 3,707 | 3,941
Other assets | 2,520 | 4,758
Total assets | $ | 236,403 | $ | 253,032
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Current portion of long term obligations | $ | 162 | $ | —
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | 26,306 | 28,371
Payable to growers | 57,117 | 81,902
Total current liabilities | 83,585 | 110,273
Long-term obligations | 20,345 | 20,000
Other liabilities | 7,132 | 11,933
Commitments and contingencies
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5,000,000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100,000,000 shares;
15,848,717 and 15,737,194 shares issued and 15,764,647 and 15,737,194 shares outstanding at July 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively | 16 | 16
Treasury stock, at cost: 84,070 shares at July 31, 2007 | (1,436 | ) | —
Additional paid-in capital | 101,106 | 93,962
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) | 2,233 | (36 | )
Retained earnings | 23,422 | 16,884
Total stockholders’ equity | 125,341 | 110,826
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity | $ | 236,403 | $ | 253,032 See notes to consolidated financial statements 26 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (2007 AND 2006) CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF NET PROCEEDS (2005) Year Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
(In thousands, except per share information)
Net sales | $ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548
Patronage inventory at end of period | — | — | (101,403 | )
Patronage inventory at beginning of period | — | — | 67,152
Net sales (2007 and 2006)/Gross marketing pool proceeds (2005) | 522,585 | 477,205 | 428,297
Cost of sales | 443,945 | 409,039 | 191,387
Cost of sales — NRV amount | — | 2,770 | —
Total cost of sales | 443,945 | 411,809 | 191,387
Gross margin (2007 and 2006)/Proceeds before operating expenses (2005) | 78,640 | 65,396 | 236,910
Operating expenses:
Selling, general and administrative (including $5,859 and $3,992 of stock-based compensation for 2007 and 2006) | 42,541 | 37,046 | 33,188
Advertising | 20,445 | 17,977 | 22,153
Restructuring and other costs, net | (15 | ) | 3,442 | —
Loss on termination of defined benefit plan | 3,054 | — | —
Total operating expenses | 66,025 | 58,465 | 55,341
Income from operations (2007 and 2006)/Operating proceeds (2005) | 12,615 | 6,931 | 181,569
Interest expense, net | 1,291 | 295 | 4,433
Conversion costs | — | — | 697
Other | 98 | 310 | —
Early extinguishments of debt | — | — | 2,028
Income before income tax expense (benefit)(2007 and 2006)/
Proceeds before income tax (benefit) (2005) | 11,226 | 6,326 | 174,411
Income tax expense (benefit) | 2,793 | (1,010 | ) | (8,385 | )
Net income (2007 and 2006)/Net proceeds (2005) | $ | 8,433 | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796
Earnings per share
Basic | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Diluted | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Shares used to compute earnings per share
Basic | 15,786 | 15,634
Diluted | 15,786 | 15,653 See notes to consolidated financial statements 27 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’/MEMBERS’
 EQUITY Accumulated | Total
Additional | Working | Other | Stockholders’/
Common Stock | Treasury | Paid-In | Capital | Retained | Comprehensive | Members’
Shares | Amount | Stock | Capital | Retains | Earnings | Income/(Loss) | Equity
(In thousands, except share information)
Balance, July 31, 2004 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 41,714 | $ | 17,500 | $ | — | $ | 59,214
Nonpatronage loss | — | (6,545 | ) | (6,545 | )
Working capital retains | 38,500 | — | 38,500
Initial public offering of common stock, net of underwriting and offering expenses and amounts due former members electing cash in lieu of common stock | 15,555,506 | 16 | 88,491 | (38,500 | ) | 50,007
Revolvement of working capital retains | — | — | — | — | (41,714 | ) | — | — | (41,714 | )
Balance, July 31, 2005 | 15,555,506 | 16 | 88,491 | — | 10,955 | 99,462
Shares issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) | 57,872 | 802 | 802
Stock compensation expense | 123,816 | 3,992 | 3,992
ESPP disqualifying dispositions | 37 | 37
Conversion of Long Term
Incentive Plan | 640 | 640
Dividends paid | (1,407 | ) | (1,407 | )
Comprehensive Income:
Net income | 7,336 | 7,336
Other comprehensive loss | (36 | ) | (36 | )
Total comprehensive income: | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 7,300
Balance, July 31, 2006 | 15,737,194 | 16 | 93,962 | — | 16,884 | (36 | ) | 110,826
Shares issued under ESPP and upon stock option exercises | 88,355 | 1,204 | 1,204
Stock compensation expense | 23,168 | 5,859 | 5,859
ESPP disqualifying dispositions | 78 | 78
Tax benefit — restricted stock | 3 | 3
Treasury stock repurchase | (84,070 | ) | (1,436 | ) | (1,436 | )
Dividends paid | (1,895 | ) | (1,895 | )
Adjustment to initially apply SFAS No. 158 | 2,230 | 2,230
Comprehensive income:
Net income | 8,433 | 8,433
Other comprehensive income | 39 | 39
Total comprehensive income: | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 8,472
Balance, July 31, 2007 | 15,764,647 | $ | 16 | $ | (1,436 | ) | $ | 101,106 | $ | — | $ | 23,422 | $ | 2,233 | $ | 125,341 See notes to consolidated financial statements 28 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
(In thousands)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income (2007 and 2006)/Net proceeds (2005) | $ | 8,433 | $ | 7,336 | $ | 182,796
Adjustments to reconcile net income (2007 and 2006)/net proceeds (2005) to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization | 7,561 | 5,532 | 4,717
Deferred income taxes | (1,874 | ) | (1,531 | ) | (6,593 | )
Loss on termination of defined benefit plan | 2,575
Tax benefit related to stock-based compensation plans | 81 | 37 | —
Excess tax benefit from ESPP and stock option transactions | (81 | ) | (37 | ) | —
Stock-based compensation | 5,859 | 3,992 | —
Gain on sale of property held for sale | (1,193 | ) | — | —
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | 19 | 442 | —
Gain on foreign currency | 39 | — | —
Early extinguishment of debt | — | — | 233
CoBank patronage dividend paid in stock | (2 | ) | (47 | ) | (119 | )
Changes in assets and liabilities (net of effects of acquisition):
Trade receivables | (1,048 | ) | (4,805 | ) | (9,470 | )
Inventories | 8,077 | 17,278 | 24,346
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 1,581 | (1,957 | ) | (1,482 | )
Other assets | 454 | 1,764 | 1,310
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities | (1,871 | ) | (4,419 | ) | 8,106
Payable to growers | (24,785 | ) | 9,348
Other liabilities | (11 | ) | 1,027 | 811
Adjustment to current member account for change in prepaid inventory costs | — | — | 7,216
Cash payments to members | — | — | (201,415 | )
Net cash provided by operating activities | 3,814 | 33,960 | 10,456
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Capital revolvement from CoBank | 419 | 126 | 100
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment | 2,941 | 49 | —
Acquisition of Harmony | (197 | ) | (19,186 | ) | —
Purchases of property, plant, and equipment | (6,790 | ) | (8,354 | ) | (10,500 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (3,627 | ) | (27,365 | ) | (10,400 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Note payable borrowings (repayments), net | — | (2,119 | ) | (42,173 | )
Net proceeds from initial public offering | — | — | 105,836
Payment to members for membership interests | — | (17,329 | ) | —
Issuance of common stock under stock plans | 1,204 | 802 | —
Dividends paid | (1,895 | ) | (1,407 | ) | —
Excess tax benefit from ESPP and stock option transactions | 81 | 37 | —
Purchases of treasury stock | (1,436 | ) | — | —
Additions to long-term obligation | — | — | 10,000
Payments of long-term obligations | — | — | (25,464 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | (2,046 | ) | (20,016 | ) | 48,199
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | (1,859 | ) | (13,421 | ) | 48,255
Cash and cash equivalents:
Beginning of period | 35,614 | 49,035 | 780
End of period | $ | 33,755 | $ | 35,614 | $ | 49,035
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Cash paid (received) during the period for:
Interest | $ | 1,638 | $ | 696 | $ | 4,580
Income taxes | 3,878 | 2,178 | (296 | )
Non-cash investing activities:
Liabilities assumed in Harmony acquisition | — | 3,404 | —
Accrued capital expenditures | 94 | 380 | 420
Non-cash financing activities:
Net proceeds from initial public offering payable to members | — | — | 17,329
Accrued liability exchanged for options to acquire common stock | — | 640 | —
Capital lease obligations incurred | 507 | — | — See notes to consolidated financial statements 29 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS July 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (In thousands, except share and per share information) (1) | Conversion and Initial Public Offering On July 26, 2005, after receiving required approvals and
 meeting certain conditions, Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc.
 (“Diamond Walnut”) converted from an agricultural
 cooperative association to a Delaware corporation through a
 merger with and into its wholly-owned subsidiary, Diamond Foods,
 Inc. (the “Company” or “Diamond”), and at
 the same time completed an initial public offering of Diamond
 common stock. The Company retained its July 31 fiscal year end.
 The conversion was accounted for using the historical carrying
 values of the assets and liabilities of Diamond Walnut.
 Immediately after the conversion, the working capital retains of
 members of Diamond Walnut were reclassified to payable to
 members. At the time of the conversion and initial public
 offering, all patronage member interests in Diamond Walnut were
 exchanged for Diamond common stock or a combination of Diamond
 common stock and cash. The results of operations of Diamond
 subsequent to the conversion were not significant, and
 accordingly, the accompanying financial statements for 2005 are
 presented as though Diamond were a cooperative for the entire
 year. (2) | Organization and Significant Accounting Policies Business Diamond processes, markets and distributes culinary, in-shell
 and ingredient/food service nuts and snack products. The Company
 obtains the majority of its walnuts from growers who are located
 in California and through July 26, 2005, were members of
 Diamond Walnut. The Company obtains its other nuts from
 independent suppliers. Diamond sells products to approximately
 900 customers, including over 150 international customers. In
 general, the Company sells directly to retailers, particularly
 large, national grocery and club stores, mass merchandisers, and
 drug store chains, and indirectly through wholesale distributors
 who serve independent and small regional retail grocery store
 chains and convenience stores. Basis
 of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
 prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles (“GAAP”). Prior to August 1, 2005 the
 Company’s financial statements were prepared in accordance
 with GAAP for agricultural cooperative associations. The
 principal difference relates to accounting for walnut
 inventories received from cooperative members. As a cooperative
 association, Diamond used the net realizable value method to
 value these inventories. Walnuts received by Diamond subsequent
 to July 31, 2005 are accounted for under the lower of cost (first-in, first-out), or market method. As a result, the statements of
 operations for the years ended July 31, 2007 and 2006 and
 the statements of net proceeds for the year ended July 31,
 2005 are not comparable. Use of
 Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in
 the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual
 results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates,
 including those related to inventories, trade receivables, fair
 value of investments, useful lives of property, plant and
 equipment and income taxes, among others. The Company bases its
 estimates on historical experience and on various other
 assumptions that are believed to be reasonable, the results of
 which form the basis for management’s judgments about the
 carrying values of assets and liabilities. 30 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Certain
 Risks and Concentrations The Company’s revenues are principally derived from the
 sale of culinary, in-shell and ingredient/food service nuts and
 snack products, the market for which is highly competitive.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company’s operating results. Sales to the
 Company’s largest customer accounted for approximately 19%,
 19% and 17% of net sales in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
 Sales to the second largest customer accounted for approximately
 10% of net sales in 2007. Sales to the second largest customer
 accounted for less than 10% of net sales in 2006 and 2005. Principles
 of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
 accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All
 significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated. Cash
 and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include investment of surplus cash in
 securities (primarily money market funds) with maturities at
 date of purchase of three months or less. Inventories Prior to August 1, 2005, patronage inventories (walnuts
 acquired from members) were stated at estimated net realizable
 value (estimated sales price less estimated completion,
 distribution and selling costs). Other inventories include
 purchased commodities, processed walnuts used in non-patronage
 products, manufacturing costs and packing materials and
 supplies, and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in,
 first-out basis) or market. Effective August 1, 2005 all
 inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market. Crop
 Accounting Policy Through July 31, 2005, Diamond operated on a pool year
 basis, with crop year pools established for members’
 products delivered for processing and marketing. Net patronage
 proceeds of the pool were partially distributed as advances for
 raw products delivered. In addition, net patronage proceeds or
 losses from the sale of member products were allocated to the
 members in the appropriate commodity crop year pool. Payments to
 members were specifically identified as to crop year pool and
 were charged directly to current member accounts. Each crop year
 pool was closed when the related crop was substantially sold by
 making a final distribution to members based upon their
 patronage in that pool. The board of directors determined the
 amount and timing of payments to and for its members. Investment
 in CoBank The investment in CoBank represents Diamond’s cost basis in
 the Bank’s stock. The investment is required to comply with
 borrowing agreements with the Bank. Property,
 Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation
 and amortization are computed using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of assets of approximately
 30 years for buildings and ranging from three to fifteen
 years for equipment. Slotting
 and Other Contractual Arrangements In certain situations, the Company pays slotting fees to retail
 customers to acquire access to shelf space. These payments are
 recognized as a reduction of sales. In addition, the Company
 makes payments pursuant to contracts that 31 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) stipulate the term of the agreement, the quantity and type of
 products to be sold and other requirements. Payments pursuant to
 these agreements are capitalized and included in other current
 and long-term assets, and are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over the term of the contract. The Company expenses payments if
 no written arrangement exists. Impairment
 of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and Goodwill Management periodically reviews for impairment long-lived assets
 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 (SFAS) No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-lived Assets” and goodwill and certain
 intangible assets, not subject to amortization, in accordance
 with SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other
 Intangible Assets.” For assets to be held and used, including acquired intangibles,
 the Company initiates a review whenever events or changes in
 circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets
 may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured
 by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future
 undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate.
 Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by
 which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair market
 value. Significant management judgment is required in this
 process. Revenue
 Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when a persuasive arrangement
 exists, title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment),
 price is fixed, delivery occurs and collection is reasonably
 assured. Revenues are recorded net of rebates, coupons,
 promotion and marketing allowances. Customers have the right to
 return certain products. These product returns are estimated
 based upon historical results and reflected as a reduction in
 net sales. Promotion
 and Advertising Costs Promotional allowances, customer rebates, coupons and marketing
 allowances are recorded at the time the related revenue is
 recognized and are reflected as reductions of net sales. Annual
 volume rebates, promotion, and marketing allowances are recorded
 based upon the terms of the arrangements. Coupon incentives are
 recorded at the time of distribution in amounts based on
 estimated redemption rates. The Company expenses advertising
 costs as they occur. Payments to certain customers to reimburse
 them for cooperative advertising programs are recorded in
 accordance with EITF No. 01-09, “Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a
 Customer.” Shipping
 and Handling Costs Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in
 net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of
 sales as incurred. Income
 Taxes Prior to July 31, 2005, Diamond was a nonexempt cooperative
 association under the federal tax code. Nonexempt cooperative
 associations accrue income taxes only on net non-patronage
 proceeds and certain expenses, which are not deductible for tax
 purposes. No provision for taxes was made for net patronage
 proceeds paid or allocated to members as qualified notices of
 allocation. Effective August 1, 2005, all business
 activities of Diamond became taxable under provisions of the
 Internal Revenue Code and certain state tax laws. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
 future tax consequences attributable to differences between the
 financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
 and their respective tax basis, and operating loss and tax
 credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
 measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
 income in the years in which those temporary differences are
 expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax
 assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
 income in the period that includes the enactment date. A
 valuation allowance is provided for deferred income taxes not
 expected to be recovered. 32 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of certain financial instruments, including cash
 and cash equivalents, trade receivables, accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the
 balance sheet because of the relatively short term nature of
 these financial instruments. The fair value of notes payable and
 long-term obligations at the end of each fiscal period
 approximates the amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on
 information available to Diamond with respect to current
 interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments. It
 is not practicable to estimate the fair value of Diamond’s
 investment in CoBank. Foreign
 Currency Hedging To reduce the risk of foreign currency exchange movements,
 Diamond periodically enters into forward contracts. These
 derivative instruments have settlement dates generally less than
 one year, are recorded at fair value, and are included in
 accrued liabilities (balances at July 31, 2007 and 2006
 were not material). There were no outstanding forward contracts
 at July 31, 2007. At July 31, 2006 Diamond had
 outstanding forward contracts to deliver 1.1 million Euros
 at various dates through January 2007. These contracts had an
 average exchange rate of 1.22 US Dollars per Euro.
 Forward contracts totaling 483 Euros were designated as cash
 flow hedges in accordance with SFAS No. 133, “Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging.” Accordingly, changes in derivative fair values were deferred
 and recorded as a component of other comprehensive income until
 the underlying transaction was recorded in earnings. In the
 period in which the hedged item affects earnings, gains or
 losses on the derivative instrument are reclassified from other
 comprehensive income to the statement of operations. Diamond
 assesses, both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing
 basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging
 transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash
 flows of hedged items. The following table summarizes the impact of cash flow hedges on
 other comprehensive income in 2007 (in thousands): At July 31, 2006 | $ | (36 | )
Net change on cash flow hedges | 0
Reclassification to other income | 36
At July 31, 2007 | $ | — Stock-Based
 Compensation The Company has various stock-based compensation programs that
 provide for equity awards, including stock options and
 restricted stock. On December 16, 2004, the Financial
 Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued
 SFAS No. 123 (revised 2004), “Share-Based
 Payment,” which is a revision of
 SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based
 Compensation.” The statement supercedes APB Opinion
 No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to
 Employees,” and its related implementation guidance.
 The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R) in
 fiscal year 2006 and accounts for all share-based awards in
 accordance with that standard. Adoption
 of SFAS. No. 158 In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and
 Other Postretirement Plans. SFAS No. 158 requires an
 employer to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a
 defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in
 its statement of financial position and to recognize changes in
 that funded status in the year in which the changes occur
 through comprehensive income. SFAS No. 158 also requires an
 employer to measure the funded status of a plan as of the date
 of its year-end statement of financial position, with limited
 exceptions. The Company adopted the recognition and measurement
 provisions of this standard effective July 31, 2007 and
 recognized an after-tax increase in accumulated other
 comprehensive income of $2.2 million. See Note 13. 33 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, Accounting for
 Uncertainty in Income Taxes — an interpretation of
 FASB Statement 109, which clarifies the accounting for
 income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial
 statements. FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and
 measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
 and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
 in a tax return. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently
 evaluating the impact of FIN 48 on its consolidated
 financial statements. In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements . SFAS No. 157
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value under generally
 accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), and expands
 disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods
 within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating
 the impact of SFAS No. 157 on its consolidated
 financial statements. In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and
 Financial Liabilities — Including an amendment of
 FASB Statement No. 115.” SFAS No. 159
 permits companies to measure many financial instruments and
 certain other items at fair value at specified election dates.
 Unrealized gains and losses on these items will be reported in
 earnings at each subsequent reporting date. The fair value
 option may be applied instrument by instrument (with a few
 exceptions), is irrevocable and is applied only to entire
 instruments and not to portions of instruments.
 SFAS No. 159 is effective for fiscal years beginning
 after November 15, 2007. The Company does not believe that
 the adoption of SFAS No. 159 will have a material
 impact on its results of operations or financial conditions. In June 2007, the FASB approved the issuance of Emerging Issues
 Task Force Issue No. 06-11 “Accounting for Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on
 Share-Based Payment Awards” (“EITF 06-11”). EITF 06-11 requires that tax benefits from dividends paid on unvested
 restricted shares be charged directly to stockholders’
 equity instead of benefiting income tax expense. This EITF is
 effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
 beginning after September 15, 2007. The Company is
 currently evaluating the impact of EITF 06-11 but does not expect that it will have a material effect on our
 financial statements. (3) | Stock-Based Compensation The Company uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help
 align employee and director incentives with stockholders’
 interests. The 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”)
 was approved in March 2005 and provides for the awarding of
 options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, restricted stock
 units, and stock appreciation rights. The Compensation Committee
 of the Board of Directors administers the Plan. A total of
 2,500,000 shares of common stock were initially reserved
 for issuance under the Plan, and the number of shares available
 for issuance under the Plan will increase by an amount equal to
 2% of the Company’s total outstanding shares as of July 31
 each year. In 2005, the Company began granting shares of restricted stock
 and stock options under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock
 vest over a three-year period. The stock options expire in ten
 years and vest over three years. As of July 31, 2007,
 options to purchase 1,621,170 shares of common stock were
 outstanding, of which 877,297 were exercisable. At July 31,
 2007, the Company had 503,864 shares available for future
 grant under the Plan. The 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides for eligible
 employees to purchase shares of common stock at a discount on a
 periodic basis. As of July 31, 2007, 556,781 shares of
 common stock were reserved for issuance under the Employee Stock
 Purchase Plan, and shares available for issuance will increase
 by an amount equal to 1% of the Company’s total outstanding
 shares as of July 31 each year, up to a maximum of
 4,000,000 shares. During the year ended July 31, 2007,
 53,837 shares were issued under the Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan. 34 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) SFAS No. 123R requires all entities to recognize
 compensation expense in an amount equal to the fair value of
 share-based awards. Beginning with its adoption by the Company
 in August 2005, the fair value of all stock options granted
 subsequent to August 1, 2005 will be recognized as an
 expense in the Company’s statement of operations, typically
 over the related vesting period of the options.
 SFAS No. 123R requires use of fair value computed at
 the date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value
 of restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based
 compensation expense over the vesting period, generally three
 years from date of grant or award. As required under SFAS No. 123R the Company continues
 to account for stock-based compensation for options granted
 prior to August 1, 2005 using the intrinsic value method
 prescribed in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, “Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees.” Since the options were granted at market price, no
 compensation expense is recognized. Prior to the adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R), tax benefits for any deduction in
 excess of recognized compensation costs were reported as
 operating cash flows. After adoption of
 SFAS No. 123(R) excess tax benefits from stock option
 exercises are reported as financing cash flows. As required by SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for
 Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure, an amendment
 of FASB Statement No. 123” , the Company has
 provided fair value based pro-forma disclosures in its financial
 statements related to stock options. If compensation expense for
 the Company’s various stock option plans had been
 determined based upon the estimated fair values at the grant
 dates for all awards in accordance with SFAS No. 123, “Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation,” the
 Company’s pro-forma net income, basic and diluted earnings
 per common share would have been as follows (for the years ended
 July 31): 2007 | 2006
Net income, as reported | $ | 8,433 | $ | 7,336
Total stock-based compensation recorded in the statement of operations, net of related tax effects | 4,401 | 2,388
Total stock-based compensation expense determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of related tax effects | (5,748 | ) | (3,514 | )
Pro forma net income | $ | 7,086 | $ | 6,210
Net income per common equivalent share:
Basic — as reported | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Basic — pro forma | $ | 0.45 | $ | 0.40
Diluted — as reported | $ | 0.53 | $ | 0.47
Diluted — pro forma | $ | 0.45 | $ | 0.40 The pro-forma effect on net proceeds in 2005 was not material. Stock Option Awards: The fair value of each
 stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected stock price
 volatilities were estimated based on the Company’s implied
 historical volatility. The expected term of options granted and
 forfeiture rates were based on assumptions and historical data
 to the extent it is available. The risk-free rates were based on
 U.S. Treasury yields for notes with comparable terms as the
 option grants, in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes
 of this valuation model, dividends are based on the historical
 rate. Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are presented
 below (for the years ended July 31): 2007 | 2006
Average expected life, in years | 6 | 6
Expected volatility | 30.00 | % | 27.50 | %
Risk-free interest rate | 4.75 | % | 4.61 | %
Dividend rate | 0.72 | % | 0.67 | % 35 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) The following table summarizes option activity during the years
 ended July 31, 2007 and 2006: Weighted Average | Weighted Average
Number of | Exercise Price Per | Remaining | Aggregate
Shares | Share | Contractual Life | Intrinsic Value
(In thousands) | (In years) | (In thousands)
Outstanding at July 31, 2005 | 1,123 | $ | 17.00
Granted | 657 | 18.15
Exercised | — | —
Cancelled | (132 | ) | 17.44
Outstanding at July 31, 2006 | 1,648 | 17.43 | 9.2 | $ | —
Granted | 117 | 16.93
Exercised | (35 | ) | 16.97
Cancelled | (109 | ) | 17.88
Outstanding at July 31, 2007 | 1,621 | 17.37 | 8.3 | $ | 226
Exercisable at July 31, 2006 | 341 | 17.00 | 9.0 | $ | —
Exercisable at July 31, 2007 | 877 | 17.18 | 8.2 | $ | 159 The weighted average fair value of options granted during the
 2007, 2006 and 2005 were $5.91, $6.13 and $5.18, respectively.
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2007 was
 $55. No options were exercised in 2006 and 2005. The total fair
 value of options vested during 2007 and 2006 were $3,510 and
 $1,766. No options vested in 2005. Changes in the Company’s nonvested options during 2007 and
 2006 are summarized as follows: Weighted Average
Number of | Grant Date Fair
Shares | Value Per Share
(In thousands)
Nonvested at July 31, 2005 | 1,123 | $ | 5.18
Granted | 657 | 6.13
Vested | (341 | ) | 5.18
Cancelled | (132 | ) | 5.66
Nonvested at July 31, 2006 | 1,307 | 5.80
Granted | 117 | 5.91
Vested | (615 | ) | 5.71
Cancelled | (65 | ) | 5.84
Nonvested at July 31, 2007 | 744 | 5.89 As of July 31, 2007, there was $2.5 million of total
 unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock
 options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
 average period of 1.9 years. The total intrinsic value of
 restricted stock vested in 2007 and 2006 was $4,123 and $2,903.
 No restricted stock vested in 2005. 36 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Restricted Stock Awards: Restricted stock
 activity during 2007 and 2006 is summarized as follows: Weighted Average
Number of | Grant Date Fair
Shares | Value Per Share
(In thousands)
Outstanding at July 31, 2005 | 598 | $ | 17.00
Granted | 149 | 18.94
Vested | (193 | ) | 17.00
Cancelled | (25 | ) | 17.65
Outstanding at July 31, 2006 | 529 | 17.52
Granted | 27 | 16.75
Vested | (242 | ) | 17.37
Cancelled | (4 | ) | 19.67
Outstanding at July 31, 2007 | 310 | 17.50 The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted stock
 awards granted during 2007, 2006 and 2005 were $16.75, $18.94
 and $17.00, respectively. As of July 31, 2007, there was $4.9 million of
 unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted
 stock awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted
 average period of 1.3 years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Under the
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, full-time employees are permitted
 to purchase a limited number of Diamond common shares at 85% of
 market value. Under this plan, Diamond sold 53,837 shares
 to employees in fiscal 2007 and 57,872 in fiscal 2006.
 Compensation expense is calculated for the fair value of
 employees’ purchase rights using the Black-Scholes model
 and the following weighted-average assumptions (for the years
 ended July 31): 2007 | 2006
Average expected life, in years | 0.75 | 0.75
Expected volatility | 29.4 | % | 27.5 | %
Risk-free interest rate | 4.8 | % | 4.3 | %
Dividend rate | 0.68 | % | 0.71 | % The weighted-average fair value of the purchase rights granted
 during fiscal 2007 and 2006 were $3.52 and $3.70. (4) | Earnings Per Share Options to purchase 1,621,170 and 1,648,459 shares of
 common stock were outstanding at July 31, 2007 and 2006,
 respectively. Basic earnings per share is calculated using the
 weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the
 period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated using the
 weighted average number of common shares and includes the
 dilutive effect of common shares issuable upon the exercise of
 outstanding options, calculated using the treasury stock method.
 All options to purchase common stock are excluded from the
 diluted earnings per share calculation in periods with net loss.
 Options to purchase 1,196,775 shares of common stock were
 not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share
 because their exercise prices were greater than the average
 market price of Diamond’s common stock of $16.71 for the
 year ended July 31, 2007, and therefore their effect would
 be antidilutive. Options to purchase 837,631 shares of
 common stock were not included in the computation of diluted
 earnings per share because their exercise prices were greater
 than the average market price of Diamond’s common stock of
 $17.88 for the year ended July 31, 2006 and therefore their
 effect would be antidilutive. 37 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (5) | Acquisition of Assets of Harmony Foods Corporation On May 9, 2006, Diamond completed its acquisition of
 certain net assets of Harmony Foods Corporation
 (“Harmony”) for approximately $19 million in cash
 (including transaction costs) and the assumption of certain
 defined liabilities. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 from Harmony are herein referred to as the “Harmony- Retail
 Division.” Among the assets Diamond acquired is
 Harmony’s strategically located processing and packaging
 plant in Fishers, Indiana. This plant has the capacity to
 produce products such as trail mixes, specialty dried fruits,
 nuts and seeds, sweet/salty snacks and organic snacks, which are
 available in multiple packaging options including resealable
 single and multiple serve bags, deli cups and self-serve produce
 bins. Diamond also acquired the Harmony and Homa brands, as well
 as $4.5 million of working capital. Additionally, as part
 of the acquisition, the Company offered employment to
 approximately 100 former employees of Harmony Foods Corporation.
 In fiscal year 2007, the Company reached final settlement with
 the seller and paid additional acquisitions costs. As a result,
 an additional $355 of goodwill was recognized as of
 July 31, 2007. The acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination
 in accordance with SFAS No. 141, “Business
 Combinations.” The total purchase price was $19.4 million, including
 $1.3 million in transaction related costs, which has been
 allocated to the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities
 assumed as follows: Accounts receivable | $ | 2,563
Inventory | 4,704
Prepaid expenses | 203
Property, plant and equipment | 5,640
Customers contracts and related relationships | 2,400
Trademark and trade names | 1,600
Goodwill | 5,432
Liabilities assumed | (3,159 | )
Purchase price | $ | 19,383 Intangible assets (gross) consisted of the following: July 31,
2007 | 2006
Goodwill | $ | 5,432 | $ | 5,077
Intangible assets subject to amortization:
Customer contracts and related relationships | 2,400 | 2,400
Trademarks and trade names | 1,600 | 1,600
4,000 | 4,000
Total goodwill and intangible assets | $ | 9,432 | $ | 9,077 38 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Intangible assets (net) consisted of the following: July 31,
2007 | 2006
Goodwill | $ | 5,432 | $ | 5,077
Intangible assets subject to amortization:
Customer contracts and related relationships, net of accumulated amortization of $150 and $30, for 2007 and 2006, respectively | 2,250 | 2,370
Trademarks and trade names, net of accumulated amortization of $143 and $29, for 2007 and 2006, respectively | 1,457 | 1,571
3,707 | 3,941
Total goodwill and intangible assets, net | $ | 9,139 | $ | 9,018 Customer contracts and relationships relate primarily to
 underlying customer relationships of the Division-Retail, which
 will be amortized on a straight-line basis over an average
 estimated life of 20 years. Trademarks and trade names,
 relate to the “Harmony” and “Homa” brand
 names, which will be amortized on a straight-line basis over an
 estimated life of 14 years. The total weighted average amortization period of identifiable
 intangible assets is approximately 18 years with
 amortization expense of approximately $234 and $59 recognized in
 2007 and 2006. Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense for each of
 the five succeeding years will amount to approximately $234. Pro
 Forma — Financial Information The following reflects the unaudited pro forma combined results
 of operations of the Company and Harmony — Retail
 Division as if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning
 of 2005 (in thousands, except per share data): July 31,
2006 | 2005
Net sales | $ | 502,503 | $ | 522,649
Net loss | $ | (397 | ) | $ | (14,667 | )
Diluted earnings per share | $ | (0.03 | ) | * * | As a cooperative association prior to the conversion, Diamond had no shares outstanding; therefore earnings per share is not meaningful. (6) | Notes Payable and Long-Term Obligations As of July 31, 2007, the Company had a total of
 $20.0 million of senior notes outstanding with two
 institutional investors. The Company is required to make annual
 principal repayments on these notes in the amount of
 $4.0 million starting in December 2009. The notes mature in
 December 2013 and bear interest at a rate of 7.35% per annum. The Company has an unsecured master loan agreement with CoBank,
 which provides for both a revolving line of credit in an
 aggregate principal amount of $77.5 million that bears
 interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 0.65% per annum, and a
 long-term revolver that provides an aggregate principal amount
 of $20.0 million that bears interest at a rate of LIBOR
 plus 0.70% per annum. The expiration of the long-term revolver
 agreement is April 1, 2012. The expiration of the revolving
 line of credit agreement is April 1, 2009. As of
 July 31, 2007 and 2006, there were no borrowings
 outstanding on either facility. 39 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) The Company has a credit agreement with another bank that
 provides for an unsecured revolving line of credit in an
 aggregate principal amount of $52.5 million and a
 $3.0 million letter of credit facility. The revolving line
 of credit expires on January 15, 2008 and bears interest at
 a rate of LIBOR plus 0.65% per annum. As of July 31, 2007
 and 2006, there were no borrowings outstanding on this credit
 facility. All credit facilities subject the Company to financial and other
 covenants and certain customary events of default. Further, the
 credit agreement with a bank limits the amount of dividends
 declared or paid to 3% of the Company’s market
 capitalization. As of July 31, 2007 and 2006, the Company
 was in compliance with all applicable covenants in its credit
 facilities. (7) | Balance sheet items Inventories consisted of the following: July 31,
2007 | 2006
Raw materials and supplies | $ | 19,653 | $ | 32,484
Work in process | 14,043 | 16,148
Finished goods | 56,923 | 50,545
Total | $ | 90,619 | $ | 99,177 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the
 following: July 31,
2007 | 2006
Accounts payable | $ | 15,151 | $ | 19,090
Accrued salaries and benefits | 4,082 | 4,496
Accrued promotion | 5,882 | 3,477
Other | 1,191 | 1,308
Total | $ | 26,306 | $ | 28,371 (8) | Property, Plant and Equipment Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following: July 31,
2007 | 2006
Land and improvements | $ | 1,569 | $ | 1,569
Buildings and improvements | 16,975 | 16,933
Machinery, equipment and software | 95,037 | 86,700
Construction in progress | 4,221 | 5,898
Total | 117,802 | 111,100
Less accumulated depreciation | (83,866 | ) | (76,809 | )
Property, plant and equipment, net | $ | 33,936 | $ | 34,291 40 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (9) | Income Taxes Income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following: Year Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Current
Federal | $ | 4,449 | $ | 688 | $ | (1,684 | )
State | 218 | (167 | ) | (108 | )
Deferred | (1,874 | ) | (1,531 | ) | (6,593 | )
Total | $ | 2,793 | $ | (1,010 | ) | $ | (8,385 | ) A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35%
 to Diamond’s effective income tax rate is as follows: Year Ended July 31,
2007 | 2006 | 2005
Federal tax computed at the statutory rate | $ | 3,929 | $ | 2,214 | $ | 61,044
Benefit for payments to members | — | — | (66,322 | )
Stock-based compensation | 56 | 114 | —
Change in valuation allowance | (1,044 | ) | — | (19 | )
Recognition of net deferred tax assets resulting from the conversion, net of valuation allowance of $799 | — | — | (1,912 | )
State taxes, net of federal impact | 211 | (3,503 | ) | (746 | )
Other items, net | (359 | ) | 165 | (430 | )
Income tax expense (benefit) | $ | 2,793 | $ | (1,010 | ) | $ | (8,385 | ) 41 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) The tax effect of temporary differences and net operating losses
 which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist
 of the following: At | At July 31, 2006
July 31, | Valuation
2007 | Gross | Allowance | Net
Deferred tax assets:
Current:
Inventories | $ | 878 | $ | 873 | $ | $ | 873
Receivables | 228 | 240 | 240
Accruals | 2,475 | 2,881 | 2,881
Retirement benefits | 260 | — | —
Net operating loss | 17 | 168 | 168
Other | 947 | 416 | 416
Total current | 4,805 | 4,578 | 4,578
Non-current:
Enterprise Zone Credits | 3,608 | 3,692 | 3,692
AMT Credits | — | 67 | 67
Retirement benefits | 4,705 | 4,636 | (1,044 | ) | 3,592
Total non-current | 8,313 | 8,395 | (1,044 | ) | 7,351
Deferred tax liabilities:
Non-current:
Retirement benefits | 3,013 | 2,355 | 2,355
Property, plant and equipment | 28 | 157 | 157
Other | 350 | 27 | 27
Total non-current | 3,391 | 2,539 | 2,539
Total deferred income taxes | $ | 9,727 | $ | 10,434 | $ | (1,044 | ) | $ | 9,390
Composed of:
Net current deferred income taxes | $ | 4,805 | $ | 4,578
Net long-term deferred income taxes | 4,922 | 4,812
Total deferred income taxes | $ | 9,727 | $ | 9,390 During 2007, the Company determined it no longer required a
 valuation reserve for its deferred tax assets and reversed this
 reserve as a reduction of income tax expense. At July 31, 2007, the Company has net operating loss carry
 forwards of approximately $0.3 million for state tax
 purposes which will expire in 2014, if unused. (10) | Commitments and Contingencies On February 3, 2006, PG&E filed a complaint in
 San Francisco County Superior Court alleging, among other
 things, breach of contract as a result of Diamond’s
 decision to cease operating the Company’s cogeneration
 facility. PG&E’s complaint seeks payment of
 approximately $1.4 million from Diamond plus interest under
 the contract’s termination provisions as well as
 PG&E’s costs for the lawsuit. Diamond believes that
 the termination payment provision constitutes an unenforceable
 penalty and intends to vigorously defend itself against
 PG&E’s lawsuit. 42 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Diamond believes that any additional liability, in excess of
 amounts recorded, resulting from the eventual outcome of this
 matter, will not be material to the Company’s financial
 condition or operating results (see also Note 14). The Company has various other legal actions in the ordinary
 course of business. All such matters are subject to many
 uncertainties that make their ultimate outcomes unpredictable.
 However, in the opinion of management, their resolution is not
 expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
 financial condition, operating results or cash flows. At July 31, 2007, the Company had commitments of
 $3.6 million to purchase new equipment. Operating lease expense for the years ended July 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005 was $2.3 million, $1.1 million, and
 $0.7 million, respectively At July 31, 2007, future minimum payments under
 non-cancelable operating leases (primarily for real property)
 were as follows: 2008 | $ | 1,962
2009 | 1,921
2010 | 1,912
2011 | 1,455
2012 | 1,155
Thereafter | 5,454
Total | $ | 13,859 (11) | Segment Disclosures The Company operates in a single segment: the processing,
 marketing and distributing of culinary, in-shell and
 ingredient/food service nuts and snack products. The geographic
 presentation of net sales below is based on the destination of
 the sale. The “Europe” category consists primarily of
 Germany, Spain, Italy, Netherlands and the U.K. The
 “Other” category consists primarily of Japan, Canada,
 Korea, Israel and Australia. The geographic distributions of the
 Company’s net sales for the years ended July 31, 2007,
 2006 and 2005 are as follows: 2007 | 2006 | 2005
United States | $ | 389,230 | $ | 342,369 | $ | 322,461
Europe | 57,343 | 57,734 | 70,526
Other | 76,012 | 77,102 | 69,561
Total | $ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 All long-lived assets are located in the United States. Net sales by channel: 2007 | 2006 | 2005
North American Retail | $ | 333,117 | $ | 274,879 | $ | 228,522
International | 112,830 | 114,781 | 122,514
North American Ingredient/ Food Service | 73,822 | 84,475 | 107,029
Other | 2,816 | 3,070 | 4,483
$ | 522,585 | $ | 477,205 | $ | 462,548 43 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (12) | Valuation Reserves and Qualifying Accounts Amount
Beginning | Charged | Charged to | End of
of Period | to Expense | Reserve | Period
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Year ended July 31, 2005 | $ | 883 | $ | 196 | $ | (564 | ) | $ | 515
Year ended July 31, 2006 | 515 | 204 | (121 | ) | 598
Year ended July 31, 2007 | 598 | (228 | ) | (22 | ) | 348
Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance
Year ended July 31, 2005 | 264 | 780 | — | 1,044
Year ended July 31, 2006 | 1,044 | — | — | 1,044
Year ended July 31, 2007 | 1,044 | (1,044 | ) | — | — (13) | Retirement Plans During the year ended July 31, 2007, Diamond provided
 retiree medical benefits and sponsored three defined benefit
 pension plans — a qualified plan covering all salaried
 employees, a qualified plan covering all regular hourly
 employees, and a nonqualified plan for certain salaried
 employees. The amounts shown for pension benefits are combined
 amounts for all three plans. On July 25, 2006, the Company determined it would terminate
 the qualified defined benefit pension plan covering all salaried
 employees. During the year ended July 31, 2007, the Company
 terminated this plan and recorded a substantially non-cash loss
 on termination of defined benefit plan of $3.1 million. Obligations and funded status of the remaining benefit plans at
 July 31: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Change in benefit obligation | 2007 | 2006 | 2007 | 2006
Benefit obligation at beginning of year | $ | 32,581 | $ | 34,901 | $ | 5,279 | $ | 10,575
Service cost | 1,209 | 2,234 | 114 | 253
Interest cost | 1,763 | 1,726 | 310 | 543
Plan participants’ contributions | — | — | 178 | 287
Plan amendments | 81 | — | — | —
Curtailments | (2,556 | ) | — | — | —
Settlements | (3,191 | ) | — | — | —
Actuarial loss (gain) | 107 | (3,417 | ) | (909 | ) | (5,756 | )
Benefits paid | (14,796 | ) | (2,863 | ) | (520 | ) | (623 | )
Benefit obligation at end of year | $ | 15,198 | $ | 32,581 | $ | 4,452 | $ | 5,279 44 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Change in plan assets | 2007 | 2006 | 2007 | 2006
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year | $ | 29,046 | $ | 30,522 | $ | — | $ | —
Actual return on plan assets | 3,114 | 1,387 | — | —
Employer contribution | 345 | — | 342 | 336
Plan participants’ contributions | — | — | 178 | 287
Benefits paid | (14,796 | ) | (2,863 | ) | (520 | ) | (623 | )
Settlements | (3,191 | ) | — | — | —
Fair value of plan assets at end of year | $ | 14,518 | $ | 29,046 | $ | — | $ | —
Funded status at end of year | $ | (680 | ) | $ | (3,535 | ) | $ | (4,452 | ) | $ | (5,279 | ) Assets (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance
 sheets at July 31 consisted of: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2007 | 2006 | 2007 | 2006
Noncurrent assets | $ | 1,792 | $ | 5,857 | $ | — | $ | —
Current liabilities | — | — | (183 | ) | (240 | )
Noncurrent liabilities | (2,472 | ) | (1,644 | ) | (4,269 | ) | (9,645 | )
$ | (680 | ) | $ | 4,213 | $ | (4,452 | ) | $ | (9,885 | ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income
 (pre-tax) after the adoption of SFAS No. 158 as of
 July 31, 2007 consist of: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Net loss (gain) | $ | 1,111 | $ | (5,061 | )
Prior service cost (credit) | 183 | —
$ | 1,294 | $ | (5,061 | ) The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit
 pension plans was $14,325 and $29,182 at July 31, 2007 and
 2006, respectively. Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit
 obligation in excess of plan assets is as follows: 2007 | 2006
Projected benefit obligation | $ | 2,472 | $ | 2,395
Accumulated benefit obligation | 1,842 | 1,556
Fair value of plan assets | — | — 45 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Components of net periodic benefit cost for the year ended July
 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
Net Periodic Benefit Cost / (Income) | 2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Service cost | $ | 1,209 | $ | 2,234 | $ | 2,013 | $ | 114 | $ | 253 | $ | 273
Interest cost | 1,763 | 1,726 | 1,845 | 310 | 543 | 589
Expected return on plan assets | (2,236 | ) | (2,300 | ) | (2,299 | ) | — | — | —
Amortization of prior service cost | (57 | ) | (287 | ) | (287 | ) | — | — | —
Amortization of net (gain) loss | 499 | 809 | 699 | (454 | ) | 21 | 35
Net periodic benefit cost / (income) | 1,178 | 2,182 | 1,971 | (30 | ) | 817 | 897
Gain on curtailment of defined benefit plan | (3,039 | ) | — | — | — | — | —
Loss on settlement of defined benefit plan (1) | 5,805 | — | — | — | — | —
Total benefit cost / (income) | $ | 3,944 | $ | 2,182 | $ | 1,971 | $ | (30 | ) | $ | 817 | $ | 897 (1) | Excludes $288 of costs to terminate the plan. The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the defined
 benefit pension plans that will be amortized from accumulated
 other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over
 the next fiscal year are $5 and $26, respectively. The estimated
 net gain and prior service cost for the other defined benefit
 postretirement plans that will be amortized from accumulated
 other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over
 the next fiscal year are $530 and $0, respectively. For calculation of retiree medical benefit cost, prior service
 cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average
 remaining years of service to full eligibility for benefits of
 the active plan participants. For calculation of net periodic
 pension cost, prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line
 basis over the average remaining years of service of the active
 plan participants. Assumptions Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Discount rate | 6.40 | % | 5.91 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.40 | % | 6.00 | % | 5.25 | %
Rate of compensation increase | 5.50 | 5.50 | 5.50 | N/A | N/A | N/A Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the years ended July 31 were as follows: Pension Benefits | Other Benefits
2007 | 2006 | 2005 | 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Discount rate | 5.91 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | % | 6.00 | % | 5.25 | % | 6.00 | %
Expected long-term return on plan assets | 8.00 | 8.00 | 8.00 | N/A | N/A | N/A
Rate of compensation increase | 5.50 | 5.50 | 5.50 | N/A | N/A | N/A The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on
 the established asset allocation. 46 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Assumed trend rates for medical plans were as follows: 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year | 11.0 | % | 8.0 | % | 8.5 | %
Rate to which the cost trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) | 5.0 | % | 5.0 | % | 5.0 | %
Year the rate reaches ultimate trend rate | 2020 | 2013 | 2013 For measurement purposes for years ended July 31, 2006 and
 2005, a level 5% annual rate of increase in the per capita
 cost of covered dental and vision care benefits was assumed for
 all future years. As of July 31, 2007, dental and vision
 care are no longer covered. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect
 on the amounts reported for health care plans. A
 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend
 rates would have the following effects: One | One
Percentage | Percentage
Point | Point
Increase | Decrease
Effect on total of service and interest cost | $ | 78 | $ | (62 | )
Effect on postretirement benefit obligation | 625 | (518 | ) Plan
 Assets The Company’s pension plan weighted-average asset
 allocations at July 31 were as follows: 2007 | 2006 | 2005
Asset category:
Equity securities | 73.5 | % | 78.5 | % | 75.0 | %
Debt securities | 24.3 | 20.7 | 25.0
Cash and equivalents | 2.2 | 0.8 | 0.0
Total | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | % Pension obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the
 expected return on pension plan assets and discount rate
 assumptions. Other post retirement benefit obligations and
 expenses are most sensitive to discount rate assumptions and
 health care cost trend rate. Diamond determines the expected
 return on pension plan assets based on an expectation of the
 average annual returns over an extended period of time. This
 expectation is based, in part, on the actual returns achieved by
 the Company’s pension plan in prior periods. The Company
 also considers the weighted average historical rates of return
 on securities with similar characteristics to those in which the
 Company’s pension assets are invested. The investment objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize
 total returns within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The
 plan asset allocations are a key element in achieving the
 expected investment returns on plan assets. The asset allocation
 strategy targets an allocation of 70% for equity securities and
 30% for debt securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected
 cash flow needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within
 acceptable ranges due to market value variability. If
 fluctuations cause an asset class to fall outside its strategic
 asset allocation range, the portfolio will be rebalanced as
 appropriate. 47 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) Cash
 Flows Estimated future benefit payments, which reflect expected future
 service, as appropriate, expected to be paid are as follows: Pension | Other
Benefits | Benefits
2008 | $ | 338 | $ | 183
2009 | 384 | 217
2010 | 439 | 225
2011 | 515 | 243
2012 | 541 | 265
2013 — 2017 | 5,352 | 1,588 Incremental
 Effect of Applying FASB Statement No. 158 on Individual
 Line Items in the Statement of Financial Position —
 July 31, 2007 Before | After
Application of | Application of
SFAS No. 158 | Adjustments | SFAS No. 158
Liability for postretirement benefits | $ | 8,899 | $ | (3,767 | ) | $ | 5,132
Deferred income tax assets | 11,264 | (1,537 | ) | 9,727
Total liabilities | 115,669 | (4,607 | ) | 111,062
Accumulated other comprehensive income | 3 | 2,230 | 2,233
Total stockholders’ equity | 123,111 | 2,230 | 125,341 Defined
 Contribution Plan The Company also recognized defined contribution plan expenses
 of $425, $368, and $301 for the years ended July 31, 2007,
 2006, and 2005, respectively. (14) | Restructuring and Other Costs, Net Restructuring and other costs for the year ended July 31,
 2007 included charges related principally to 1) costs of
 closing the Lemont facility and the consolidation of operations
 in the Fishers’ facility 2) contract termination costs
 and certain professional fees offset by 3) a gain on the
 sale of the Lemont facility. Restructuring and other costs for the year ended July 31,
 2006 included approximately $1.0 million principally
 related to the closure of Diamond’s Lemont facility and
 consolidation of operations in its Fishers facility. On
 May 9th, 2006, Diamond announced the closing of its Lemont,
 Illinois facility, which primarily packages in-shell nuts and
 processes and packs certain other culinary and snack products,
 and plan to shift these activities to the Harmony facility. As a
 result of closing the Lemont facility, Diamond eliminated
 approximately 20 positions and recorded expenses of
 approximately $500 related to employee severance and benefit
 costs, and $500 of other costs. Also included in restructuring and other costs for the year
 ended July 31, 2006 are costs of $1.4 million
 associated with terminating two contracts, one with PG&E
 associated with Diamond’s cogeneration plant and one
 associated with a former distributor for Germany; and
 professional service fees of $1.0 million related to the
 identification of California Enterprise Zone tax credits for
 years prior to 2006. 48 Table of Contents DIAMOND
 FOODS, INC. NOTES TO
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS — (Continued) (15) | Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited) First | Second | Third | Fourth
Quarter | Quarter | Quarter | Quarter
Year ended July 31, 2007
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 169,512 | $ | 143,622 | $ | 97,016 | $ | 112,435
Gross margin | 27,940 | 20,341 | 13,706 | 16,653
Operating expenses | 11,067 | 16,439 | 21,766 | 16,753
Net income (loss) | 9,641 | 2,030 | (4,012 | ) | 774
Diluted earnings per share | 0.61 | 0.13 | (0.25 | ) | 0.05
Diluted shares (in thousands) | 15,737 | 15,772 | 15,808 | 15,826
Year ended July 31, 2006
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 178,060 | $ | 124,157 | $ | 67,798 | $ | 107,190
Gross margin | 22,811 | 18,570 | 8,428 | 15,587
Operating expenses | 15,784 | 13,291 | 13,567 | 15,823
Net income (loss) | 4,074 | 3,077 | (3,175 | ) | 3,360
Diluted earnings per share | 0.26 | 0.20 | (0.20 | ) | 0.21
Diluted shares (in thousands) | 15,634 | 15,587 | 15,668 | 15,722
Year ended July 31, 2005
Net sales and other revenues | $ | 172,758 | $ | 112,488 | $ | 79,633 | $ | 97,669
Proceeds before operating expense | 209,225 | 12,929 | 8,736 | 6,020
Operating expenses | 17,639 | 14,661 | 11,303 | 11,738
Net Proceeds (loss) | 191,293 | (2,252 | ) | (3,232 | ) | (3,013 | ) 49 Table of Contents Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures We, under the supervision and with the participation of our
 management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the
 design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
 that, as of July 31, 2007, our disclosure controls and
 procedures were effective to ensure that information required to
 be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. The annual report of our management on internal control over
 financial reporting and the report of Deloitte and Touche LLP,
 our independent registered public accounting firm, regarding our
 internal control over financial reporting are provided in
 Item 8 of this report. There were no changes in our internal control over financial
 reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) during our fiscal quarter ended
 July 31, 2007, that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
 over financial reporting Item 9B. | Other Information Not applicable. PART III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers of the Registrant and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the subheadings
 “Proposal No. 1 — Election of
 Directors — Directors/Nominees,” “Executive
 Compensation — Executive Officers,”
 “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
 Compliance” and “Corporate Governance and Board of
 Directors Matters” of the Company’s Proxy Statement
 for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2008
 Proxy Statement”). Item 11. | Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the headings “Executive
 Compensation” and “Corporate Governance and Board of
 Directors Matters” in the 2008 Proxy Statement. Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to disclosure under the subheadings “Executive
 Compensation — Equity Compensation Plan
 Information” and “Stock Ownership of Principal
 Stockholders and Management” in the 2008 Proxy Statement. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference to the subheadings “Certain Relationships and
 Related Party Transactions” section of the 2008 Proxy
 Statement. Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by
 reference from the “Proposal No. 2 —
 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
 Accounting Firm — Audit Fees” section of the 2008
 Proxy Statement. 50 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1. Financial Statements. (a) Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (b) Consolidated Balance Sheets at July 31, 2007 and
 2006 (c) Consolidated Statement of Operations (2007 and
 2006)/Net Proceeds (2005) (d) Consolidated Statements of
 Stockholders’/Members’ Equity for the years ended
 July 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (e) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years
 ended July 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 (f) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 2. Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted because the required information is
 included with the Consolidated Financial Statements. 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are
 incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the
 SEC. Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
2 | .01 | Form of Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Conversion | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 18, 2005
2 | .02 | Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 9, 2006, by and among Diamond Foods, Inc., GSH Holdings, Inc., Harmony Foods Corporation and SPC Partners II, L.P. | Form 8-K/A | 000-51439 | September 8, 2006
3 | .01 | Certificate of Incorporation, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 15, 2005
3 | .02 | Restated Bylaws | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
4 | .01 | Form of Certificate for common stock | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 18, 2005
10 | .01 | Form of Indemnity Agreement between Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .02* | 2005 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of stock option agreement, stock option exercise agreement and restricted stock purchase agreement | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .03* | 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription agreement | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .04* | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. 401(k) Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .05* | Diamond Foods, Inc. Annual Bonus Program | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | October 25, 2005
10 | .06* | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. Retirement Restoration Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .07* | Diamond of California Management Pension Plan | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005 51 Table of Contents Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
10 | .08 | Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. Pension Plan, as restated | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .09* | Employment Agreement, dated March 25, 1997, between Registrant and Michael J. Mendes | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .10* | Description of Compensation Arrangement for Gary K. Ford | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .11* | Offer Letter, dated October 11, 2004, for Seth Halio | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .12* | Description of Compensation Arrangement for Samuel J. Keiper | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .13* | Description of Director Compensation Arrangements | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .14 | Preferred Securities Purchase Agreement and accompanying agreements, dated August 20, 1998, between Registrant, DW Capital Trust I and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .15 | Note Purchase Agreement, dated July 17, 2001, between Registrant, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Connecticut General Life Insurance Company, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .16 | Intercreditor Agreement, dated September 11, 2002, between Bank of the West and CoBank, ACB | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .17 | Master Loan Agreement, dated February 23, 2004, between Registrant and CoBank, ACB, as amended | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .18 | Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2004, between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .19 | Form of Walnut Purchase Agreement | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .20 | Trademark Agreement, dated July 1, 2002, between Registrant and Blue Diamond Growers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
10 | .21 | Rights Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2005, by and between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company, N.A | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .22 | Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 8, 2005, between Registrant, Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Pru & Co. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .23 | Consent of Bank of the West, dated March 17, 2005, relating to Credit Agreement, dated December 2, 2004, between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005 52 Table of Contents Filed with | Incorporated by Reference
Number | Exhibit Title | This 10-K | Form | File No. | Date Filed
10 | .24* | Form of Change of Control and Retention Agreement between Registrant and each of its executive officers | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | May 3, 2005
10 | .25 | Waiver regarding 7.20% Cumulative Recourse Offered Preferred Securities, dated as of June 1, 2005, by Wilmington Trust Co., as Property Trustee and Delaware Trustee of the DW Capital Trust I, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and Diamond Walnut Growers, Inc. | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | July 15, 2005
10 | .26 | Amendment of Credit Agreement dated December 2, 2004 between Registrant and Bank of the West | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | September 8, 2006
10 | .27 | Amendment to Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | September 20, 2006
10 | .28* | Form of Tax Withholding Agreement | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | July 20, 2007
10 | .29 | Amended Supplements to Master Loan Agreement between Diamond Foods, Inc. and CoBank, ACB | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | March 16, 2007
10 | .30 | Amendment to Master Loan Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2007, between Diamond Foods, Inc. and CoBank, ACB | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | March 16, 2007
10 | .31 | Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2007, between Diamond Foods, Inc. and Bank of the West | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | March 16, 2007
10 | .32 | Third Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 19, 2007 between Diamond Foods, Inc. on the one hand, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and Pru & Co. on the other hand. | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | March 16, 2007
10 | .33* | Form of Stock Withholding Agreement | Form 8-K | 000-51439 | January 10, 2007
21 | .01 | List of Subsidiaries | Form S-1 | 333-123576 | March 25, 2005
23 | .01 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | X
23 | .02 | Consent of Curcio Webb | X
31 | .01 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer | X
31 | .02 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer | X
32 | .01 | Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer | X * | Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement All other schedules, which are included in the applicable
 accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission, are not required here because they are not
 applicable. 53 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
 this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
 thereunto duly authorized. DIAMOND FOODS, INC. By: | /s/Seth Halio Seth Halio Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
 on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
 dates indicated. Name | Title | Signature Date
/s/ Michael J. Mendes Michael J. Mendes | President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) | October 11, 2007
/s/ Seth Halio Seth Halio | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) | October 11, 2007
/s/ Laurence M. Baer Laurence M. Baer | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ John J. Gilbert John J. Gilbert | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Robert M. Lea Robert M. Lea | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Dennis Mussell Dennis Mussell | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Steven M. Neil Steven M. Neil | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Joseph P. Silveira Joseph P. Silveira | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Glen C. Warren, Jr. Glen C. Warren, Jr. | Director | October 11, 2007
/s/ Robert J. Zollars Robert J. Zollars | Director | October 11, 2007 54 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit
Number | Exhibit Description
23 | .01 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23 | .02 | Consent of Curcio Webb
31 | .01 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer
31 | .02 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer
32 | .01 | Section 1350 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer