DEF 14A 1 f37111def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT def14a Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant þ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant o Check the appropriate box: o | Preliminary Proxy Statement
o | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
þ | Definitive Proxy Statement
o | Definitive Additional Materials
o | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12 DIAMOND FOODS, INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): þ | No fee required
o | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11 (1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid: o | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
o | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. (1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents February 11,
 2008 To our stockholders: You are cordially invited to attend our 2008 annual meeting of
 stockholders (“Annual Meeting”) to be held at our
 principal executive offices located at 1050 S. Diamond
 Street, Stockton, California on Tuesday, March 25, 2008 at
 10:00 a.m., California time. The matters to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting are described
 in detail in the accompanying notice of the 2008 Annual Meeting
 and proxy statement. The annual meeting materials include the
 Notice, proxy statement, our Annual Report and proxy card, all
 of which are enclosed. Please use this opportunity to contribute to our company by
 voting on the matters to come before this Annual Meeting. Stockholders who hold shares in their own name through our
 transfer agent, Computershare, or who hold physical stock
 certificates can cast their vote online or by telephone. To
 vote online or by telephone, follow the instructions for online
 voting contained within your Annual Meeting materials. If you do
 not wish to vote online or by telephone, please complete, date,
 sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed
 postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting so that your
 shares will be represented at the Annual Meeting. Voting online,
 by telephone or by returning the proxy card does not deprive you
 of your right to attend the Annual Meeting and to vote your
 shares in person. Sincerely, Michael J. Mendes President and Chief Executive Officer TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY STATEMENT
PROPOSAL NO. 1 — ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS
PROPOSAL NO. 2 — RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
STOCK OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
2007 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS
2007 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END
2007 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED
PENSION BENEFITS
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2009 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE
OTHER BUSINESS Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 1050 S. Diamond
 Street Stockton, California 95205 NOTICE OF 2008 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS To our stockholders: Our 2008 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”) will be held at our principal executive offices
 located at 1050 S. Diamond Street, Stockton,
 California, 95205 on Tuesday, March 25, 2008 at
 10:00 a.m., California time. At the Annual Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote
 upon the following matters: 1. The election of three Class III members to our
 board of directors, each to serve until our 2011 annual meeting
 of stockholders and until his successor has been elected and
 qualified or until his earlier resignation, death or removal.
 Our board of directors intends to present the following nominees
 for election as directors: John J. Gilbert, Steven M. Neil and
 Robert J. Zollars. 2. The ratification of the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2008. 3. The transaction of any other business that may properly
 come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or
 postponement of the Annual Meeting. These items of business are more fully described in the attached
 proxy statement. Only stockholders of record at the close of
 business on February 6, 2008 are entitled to notice of and
 to vote at the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement
 of the Annual Meeting. By order of the Board of Directors Stephen Kim Secretary Stockton, California February 11, 2008 Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, by telephone, or by
 completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy
 card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual
 Meeting so that your shares will be represented . Table of Contents Diamond
 Foods, Inc. 1050 S. Diamond
 Street Stockton, California 95205 PROXY STATEMENT February 11, 2008 The accompanying proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of
 Directors of Diamond Foods, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for
 use at the 2008 annual meeting of stockholders (“Annual
 Meeting”). The Annual Meeting will be held at our principal
 executive offices located at 1050 S. Diamond Street,
 Stockton, California, 95205 on Tuesday, March 25, 2008 at
 10:00 a.m., local time. This proxy statement and the
 accompanying form of proxy card were first mailed to
 stockholders on or about February 6, 2008. Our Annual
 Report to Stockholders, in addition to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, each for the 2007 fiscal year, are enclosed with this proxy
 statement. Record
 Date; Quorum Only holders of record of Diamond Foods common stock as of the
 close of business on February 6, 2008 will be entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting. At the close of business on the
 record date, we had 16,145,551 shares of common stock
 outstanding and entitled to vote. A majority of the shares
 outstanding on the record date, present in person or represented
 by proxy, will constitute a quorum for the transaction of
 business at the Annual Meeting. Effect of
 Abstentions and “Broker Non-Votes” Shares held by a stockholder who indicates on the proxy card
 that he or she wishes to abstain from voting will not be taken
 into account in determining the outcome of the proposal.
 However, those shares are considered present and entitled to
 vote at the Annual Meeting, and will count toward determining
 whether or not a quorum is present. If a stockholder does not give a proxy to his or her broker with
 instructions as to how to vote the shares, the broker may vote
 those shares on “routine” matters, such as the
 election of directors and the ratification of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm. Shares voted in this manner by a broker
 are counted for the purpose of establishing a quorum and also
 will be counted for the purpose of determining the outcome of
 such “routine” proposals. In the event a broker
 indicates on a proxy that it does not have discretionary
 authority to vote certain shares on a particular matter,
 referred to as a “broker non-vote,” then those shares
 will not be considered entitled to vote with respect to that
 matter, but will be treated as shares present for the purpose of
 determining the presence of a quorum to transact business at the
 meeting. Voting
 Rights; Required Vote; Quorum Stockholders are entitled to one vote for each share of common
 stock held as of the record date. Directors will be elected by a
 plurality of the shares of common stock present in person or
 represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting and entitled to vote
 on the election of directors. Stockholders do not have the right
 to cumulate their votes in the election of directors. Approval
 of Proposal No. 2 ratifying the appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2008 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
 of the shares represented and voting at the Annual Meeting,
 either in person or by proxy. The inspector of elections
 appointed for the Annual Meeting will separately tabulate the
 relevant affirmative and negative votes, abstentions and broker
 non-votes for each proposal. A majority of the outstanding
 shares, represented at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy,
 is the quorum required to transact business at the Annual
 Meeting. Table of Contents Voting of
 Proxies Most stockholders have three options for submitting their votes,
 by Internet, telephone or mail. If you have Internet access, you
 may submit your proxy from any location in the world by
 following the “Vote by Internet” instructions on the
 proxy card. If you live in the United States or Canada, you may
 submit your proxy by following the “Vote by Telephone”
 instructions on the proxy card. If you complete and properly
 sign the proxy card you receive and return it in to us the
 prepaid envelope, your shares will be voted in accordance with
 the specifications made on the proxy card. If no specification
 is made on a signed and returned proxy card, the shares
 represented by the proxy will be voted “for” the
 election to the board of directors of each of the nominees named
 on the proxy card, “for” ratification of the
 appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
 independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
 year ending July 31, 2008 and in the discretion of the
 proxy holders on any other matter that may be properly brought
 before the Annual Meeting. We encourage stockholders with
 Internet access to record their votes on the Internet or,
 alternatively, to vote by telephone . Internet and telephone
 voting is convenient, saves on postage and mailing costs and is
 recorded immediately, minimizing risk that postal delays may
 cause votes to arrive late and therefore not be counted.
 Stockholders who attend the Annual Meeting may vote in person,
 and any previously submitted votes will be superseded by the
 vote cast at the Annual Meeting. Adjournment
 of Annual Meeting If the persons present or represented by proxy at the Annual
 Meeting constitute the holders of less than a majority of the
 outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date, the
 meeting may be adjourned to a subsequent date for the purpose of
 obtaining a quorum. Expenses
 of Soliciting Proxies We will pay the expenses of soliciting proxies for the Annual
 Meeting. After the original mailing of the proxy cards and other
 soliciting materials, we and our agents also may solicit proxies
 by mail, telephone, facsimile or email. After the original
 mailing of the proxy cards and other soliciting materials, we
 will request that brokers, custodians, nominees and other record
 holders of our common stock forward copies of the proxy cards
 and other soliciting materials to persons for whom they hold
 shares and request authority for the exercise of proxies. We
 will reimburse the record holders for their reasonable expenses
 if they ask us to do so. Revocability
 of Proxies Any person signing a proxy card in the form accompanying this
 proxy statement has the power to revoke it at any time before it
 is voted. Registered holders may revoke a proxy by signing and
 returning a proxy card with a later date, by delivering a
 written notice of revocation to Computershare,
 P.O. Box 43078, Providence, Rhode Island 02940, that
 the proxy is revoked or by attending the Annual Meeting and
 voting in person. The mere presence at the Annual Meeting of a
 stockholder who has previously appointed a proxy will not revoke
 the appointment. Please note, however, that if a
 stockholder’s shares are held of record by a broker, bank
 or other nominee and that stockholder wishes to vote at the
 Annual Meeting, the stockholder must bring to the Annual Meeting
 a letter from the broker, bank or other nominee confirming the
 stockholder’s beneficial ownership of the shares and that
 the broker, bank or other nominee is not voting the shares at
 the Annual Meeting. In the event of multiple online or telephone
 votes by a stockholder, each vote will supersede the previous
 vote and the last vote cast will be deemed to be the final vote
 of the stockholder unless such vote is revoked in person at the
 Annual Meeting. Electronic
 Delivery of Stockholder Communications We encourage you to help us conserve natural resources, as well
 as significantly reduce printing and mailing costs, by signing
 up to receive your stockholder communications electronically via e-mail. With
 electronic delivery, you will be notified via e-mail as
 soon as future Annual Reports and proxy statements are available
 on the Internet, and you can submit your stockholder votes
 online. Electronic delivery also can 2 Table of Contents eliminate duplicate mailings and reduce the amount of bulky
 paper documents you maintain in your personal files. To sign up
 for electronic delivery: Registered Owner (you hold your Diamond Foods shares in
 your own name through our transfer agent, Computershare, or you
 are in possession of stock certificates): visit www.computershare.com to enroll. Beneficial Owner (your shares are held by a brokerage
 firm, a bank or a trustee): visit www.icsdelivery.com to
 enroll. Your electronic delivery enrollment will be effective until you
 cancel it. Stockholders who are record owners of shares of our
 common stock may call Computershare, our transfer agent, at (800) 733-5001 with questions about electronic delivery. PROPOSAL NO. 1 —
 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The board of directors currently consists of nine directors,
 three of whom are the Class III directors standing for
 election at the Annual Meeting. It is intended that the proxies
 will be voted for the three nominees named below for election to
 our board of directors unless authority to vote for any such
 nominee is withheld. All of the nominees are presently members
 of our board of directors. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the
 number of nominees named. If any nominee for any reason is
 unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxies
 may be voted for such substitute nominee as the proxy holder may
 determine. We are not aware of any nominee who will be unable
 to, or for good cause will not, serve as a director, and each
 nominee has confirmed that he will serve on the board if
 elected. The term of office of each person elected as a director
 will continue until the 2011 annual meeting of our stockholders
 or until his successor has been elected and qualified. Nominees The names of the nominees, their ages and background information
 are set forth below: Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
John J. Gilbert | 65 | Owner and President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc. | 2005
Steven M. Neil | 55 | Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper Companies, Inc. | 2005
Robert J. Zollars | 50 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc. | 2005 John J. Gilbert is our Chairman of the board of
 directors. He served as the Chairman of the board of directors
 of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers, from 1996 to
 July 2005. Since 1983, Mr. Gilbert has been the owner and
 President of Gilbert Orchards and Rio Oso Groves, Inc., each of
 which is a family corporation focusing on walnuts. He holds a
 B.S. from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis
 Obispo. Steven M. Neil has served as Executive Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper Companies, Inc., a company
 that manufactures specialty healthcare products, since April
 2007. From January 2005 to April 2007, Mr. Neil was Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer of The Cooper Companies.
 From July 2003 to January 2005, he served as Executive Vice
 President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Ocular
 Sciences, Inc., a contact lens company. From October 1997 to
 June 2003, he was Executive Vice President, Finance, Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Sola
 International, a marketer of eyeglass lenses. He holds a B.A.
 from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and an
 M.B.A. from the Anderson School of Management at the University
 of California, Los Angeles. Robert J. Zollars has served as Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer of Vocera Communications, Inc., a company
 providing instant wireless communications solutions, since June
 2007. From May 2006 to June 2007, 3 Table of Contents Mr. Zollars was President and Chief Executive Officer of
 Wound Care Solutions, LLC, a holding company that operates
 chronic wound care centers in partnership with hospitals in the
 U.S., since May 2006. From July 1999 to March 2006,
 Mr. Zollars was chairman of the Board of Directors and
 Chief Executive Officer of Neoforma, Inc., a provider of supply
 chain management solutions for the healthcare industry. From
 1997 to July 1999, he served as Executive Vice President and
 Group President of Cardinal Health, Inc., a healthcare products
 and services company. Earlier in his career, while employed at
 Baxter International, a healthcare products and services
 company, Mr. Zollars served as President of a dietary
 products joint venture between Baxter International and Kraft
 General Foods. He holds a B.S. from Arizona State University and
 an M.B.A. from John F. Kennedy University. Directors The three directors listed below are Class I members of the
 board. Their terms expire at the 2009 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Director | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Joseph P. Silveira | 60 | President of Farmland Management Services, Inc. | 2005
Laurence M. Baer | 50 | Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, San Francisco Giants. | 2005
Michael J. Mendes | 44 | President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods, Inc. | 2005 Joseph P. Silveira served as a member of board of
 directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from June 2002 to July 2005. Since 1994, Mr. Silveira has
 served as President of Farmland Management Services, Inc.,
 directing property acquisitions, operations, leases and sales.
 He holds a B.S. from California Polytechnic State University,
 San Luis Obispo. Laurence M. Baer has served as Executive Vice President
 of the San Francisco Giants Baseball Club since 1992 and as
 its Chief Operating Officer since 1996. From 1990 until 1992, he
 served as Assistant to the Chairman of CBS, Inc., a media and
 entertainment corporation. Mr. Baer holds a B.A. from the
 University of California, Berkeley, and an M.B.A. from Harvard
 Business School. Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company from 1989 to
 1991. Mr. Mendes has served as Chairman of the Grocery
 Manufactures Association’s President’s Advisory
 Council and currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He
 is currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group and has
 served on the boards of various industry associations. He holds
 a B.S. from the California Polytechnic State University,
 San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of
 Management at the University of California, Los Angeles. The three directors listed below are Class II members of
 the board. Their terms expire at the 2010 annual meeting of
 stockholders. Director
Name of Nominee | Age | Principal Occupation | Since
Robert M. Lea | 64 | Founder and Owner, Law Offices of Robert Lea. | 2005
Dennis Mussell | 65 | Retired, former President and Chief Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International. | 2005
Glen C. Warren | 52 | President, Chief Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources Corporation. | 2005 Robert M. Lea served as a member of the board of
 directors of our predecessor company, Diamond Walnut Growers,
 from 1993 to July 2005. Since November 2004, Mr. Lea has
 practiced law as a solo practitioner with the Law Offices of
 Robert Lea, which he founded. From January 2004 to November
 2004, Mr. Lea served as the Managing Partner of Lea and
 Shepherd, a law firm. From 1984 to December 2003, he 4 Table of Contents was a partner of the law firm Lea & Arruti.
 Mr. Lea holds a B.A. from the University of California,
 Davis and a J.D. from the University of California, Berkeley,
 School of Law (Boalt Hall). Dennis Mussell is the retired former President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Chicken of the Sea International, a
 packaged seafood company, after serving from August 1997 until
 January 2005. Prior to holding this position, he served in
 various senior capacities with Van Camp Seafood Company, Inc.,
 the predecessor corporation to Chicken of the Sea International,
 including most recently Chief Operating Officer.
 Mr. Mussell has extensive work experience in the packaged
 food industry. He holds a B.S. from Southwest Missouri State
 University. Glen C. Warren, Jr. has served as President, Chief
 Financial Officer and a director of Antero Resources
 Corporation, a natural gas exploration and production company,
 since June 2002. Prior to joining Antero Resources Corporation,
 he served as a Managing Director of Concert Energy Advisors, a
 consulting firm to energy companies, from November 2001 to June
 2002. From 1998 to March 2001, Mr. Warren served as Chief
 Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and a member of the
 Board of Directors of Pennaco Energy, Inc., an energy
 exploration and production company, from 1998 to March 2001.
 From 1989 to 1998, he was an investment banker with Dillon,
 Read & Co., Inc., Kidder, Peabody & Co.
 Incorporated and Lehman Brothers Inc. Mr. Warren holds a
 B.A. from the University of Mississippi, a J.D. from the
 University of Mississippi School of Law and an M.B.A. from the
 Anderson School of Management at the University of California,
 Los Angeles. CORPORATE
 GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS MATTERS We are committed to maintaining high standards of business
 conduct and corporate governance, which we believe are essential
 to running our business efficiently, serving our stockholders
 well and maintaining our integrity in the marketplace. We have
 adopted a code of conduct and ethics for directors, officers and
 employees, known as the Diamond Code of Conduct. Our certificate
 of incorporation, bylaws, committee charters and Diamond Code of
 Conduct form our corporate governance framework. The Diamond
 Code of Conduct and the charters of our Audit Committee,
 Compensation Committee and Nominating Committee are available
 through the investor relations page at our web site: www.diamondfoods.com . We will post on this web site any
 amendments to the Diamond Code of Conduct or waivers of the
 Diamond Code of Conduct for our directors and executive officers. Composition
 of Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has nine authorized members, who are Jack
 Gilbert, Robert Lea, Joseph Silveira, Laurence Baer, Dennis
 Mussell, Steven Neil, Glen Warren, Robert Zollars and Michael
 Mendes. Our Board is divided into three classes: • | Class I directors, whose terms expire at the 2009 annual meeting of stockholders;
• | Class II directors, whose terms expire at the 2010 annual meeting of stockholders; and
• | Class III directors, whose terms expire at the 2008 annual meeting of stockholders. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to
 directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from
 the time of their election and qualification until the third
 annual meeting following their election. Board of
 Directors Meetings and Committees During the 2007 fiscal year, our Board of Directors met five
 times and acted by unanimous written consent twice. No director
 attended fewer than 75% of the total number of meetings of the
 Board held while the director served and the total number of
 meetings held by all committees of the Board of Directors on
 which the director served during the 2007 fiscal year. 5 Table of Contents Audit Committee. The audit committee reviews
 and evaluates our financial statements, accounting practices and
 internal audit and control functions, selects our independent
 auditors and reviews the results and scope of the audit and
 other services provided by our independent auditors. The members
 of our audit committee currently are Mr. Silveira,
 Mr. Mussell and Mr. Neil, with Mr. Neil serving
 as chairman of the committee. The Board of Directors has
 determined that Mr. Neil qualifies as an “audit
 committee financial expert” as defined by the rules of the
 SEC and that all of the members of the audit committee are
 independent under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The audit
 committee met four times during fiscal 2007. Compensation Committee. The compensation
 committee reviews and determines the compensation and benefits
 of our officers and directors. The committee also administers
 our equity compensation and employee benefits plans and reviews
 general policies relating to compensation and benefits. The
 members of our compensation committee are Mr. Baer,
 Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with Mr. Zollars
 serving as chairman of the committee. The Board of Directors has
 determined that all of the members of the compensation committee
 are independent directors as defined under applicable NASDAQ
 listing standards. The compensation committee met four times and
 acted by unanimous written consent four times during fiscal 2007. Nominating and Governance Committee. The
 nominating and governance committee makes recommendations to our
 Board of Directors concerning candidates for election as
 directors and other corporate governance related matters. The
 members of our nominating and governance committee are
 Mr. Mussell, Mr. Warren and Mr. Zollars, with
 Mr. Warren serving as chairman of the committee. The Board
 of Directors has determined that all of the members of the
 nominating and governance committee are independent directors as
 defined under applicable NASDAQ listing standards. The
 nominating committee met once during the 2007 fiscal year. Consideration
 of Director Nominees Director Qualifications. The goal of the
 nominating and governance committee is to ensure that our Board
 of Directors possesses a variety of perspectives and skills
 derived from high-quality business and professional experience.
 The nominating and governance committee seeks to achieve a
 balance of knowledge, experience and capability on our Board of
 Directors. To this end, the committee seeks nominees with high
 professional and personal integrity, an understanding of our
 business lines and industry, diversity of business experience
 and expertise, broad-based business acumen and the ability to
 think strategically. In addition, the committee considers the
 level of the candidate’s commitment to active participation
 as a director, both at board and committee meetings and
 otherwise. Although the committee uses these and other criteria
 to evaluate potential nominees, we have not established any
 particular minimum criteria for nominees. When appropriate, the
 committee may retain executive recruitment firms to assist in
 identifying suitable candidates. After its evaluation of
 potential nominees, the committee submits nominees to the Board
 of Directors for approval. The committee does not use different
 standards to evaluate nominees depending on whether they are
 proposed by our directors and management or by our stockholders. Stockholder Nominees. The nominating and
 governance committee will consider stockholder recommendations
 for director candidates. If a stockholder would like to
 recommend a director candidate for the possible election at the
 next annual meeting of stockholders, the stockholder must
 deliver the recommendation to our Corporate Secretary at our
 principal executive offices no later than the close of business
 on the 75th day and no earlier than the close of business
 on the 105th day prior to the anniversary date of the
 mailing of our proxy statement in connection with the previous
 year’s annual meeting of stockholders. However, if the next
 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more than
 30 days earlier or later than the anniversary of the prior
 year’s annual meeting of stockholders, then nominations
 must be received not earlier than close of business on the
 105th day prior to the annual meeting and not later than
 close of business on the later to occur of (i) the
 75th day prior to the annual meeting or (ii) the
 10th day after the date we first publicly announced the
 date of the annual meeting. Recommendations for candidates should be accompanied by the
 information required by Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws.
 A stockholder recommending a candidate may be asked to submit
 additional information as determined by our Corporate Secretary
 and as necessary to satisfy the rules of the Securities 6 Table of Contents and Exchange Commission or The NASDAQ Stock Market. If a
 stockholder’s recommendation is received within the time
 period set forth above and the stockholder has met the criteria
 set forth above, the nominating and governance committee will
 evaluate such candidate, along with the other candidates being
 evaluated by the committee, in accordance with the
 committee’s charter and will apply the criteria described
 in this section. Independent
 Directors The Board of Directors has determined that each of
 Mr. Baer, Mr. Mussell, Mr. Neil, Mr. Warren,
 Mr. Silveira and Mr. Zollars is an “independent
 director” under applicable NASDAQ listing standards, a
 “non-employee director” as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and an
 “outside director” as defined pursuant to
 Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 Mr. Baer is the Executive Vice President and Chief
 Operating Officer of the San Francisco Giants, with whom we
 have a corporate sponsorship arrangement. In connection with the
 sponsorship, we paid the San Francisco Giants a fee and
 receive sampling, signage and other brand exposure benefits at
 AT&T Park during the baseball season. The amount of the fee
 is not material to Diamond or the San Francisco Giants, and
 Mr. Baer does not receive any material direct or indirect
 benefit from the fee that would impair his independence.
 Mr. Silveira is the President of Farmland Management
 Services, which provides farming services to clients. One of
 Farmland Management’s clients is John Hancock, which
 operates a number of farming assets including walnut orchards
 from which we purchase walnuts. Mr. Silveira receives a
 management fee from John Hancock for providing farming services,
 which is unrelated to the purchase price we pay to John Hancock
 for walnuts. We do not believe that Mr. Silveira has a
 material direct or indirect interest in our arrangement with
 John Hancock that would impair his independence. Communication
 with the Board You may contact the Board of Directors by sending a letter
 addressed to the Board of Directors, care of Corporate
 Secretary, Diamond Foods, Inc., 1050 S. Diamond
 Street, Stockton, California 95205. An employee will forward
 these letters directly to the Board of Directors, except for
 spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product complaints or inquiries,
 job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or
 advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate
 material. We may forward correspondence, such as product-related
 inquiries, elsewhere within Diamond for review and possible
 response. We reserve the right not to forward to the Board of
 Directors any abusive, threatening or otherwise inappropriate
 materials. Director
 Attendance at Meetings Each member of the Board of Directors is expected to be
 available to attend all regularly scheduled meetings of the
 board and any committees on which the director serves, and our
 annual meeting of stockholders. All directors attended our last
 annual meeting. Each director is expected to make his best
 effort to attend all special board and committee meetings. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH
 NOMINEE. PROPOSAL NO. 2 —
 RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The audit committee of our board of directors has appointed
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending July 31,
 2008, and our stockholders are being asked to ratify the audit
 committee’s appointment. Deloitte & Touche LLP
 has served as our independent registered public accounting firm
 since 1998. Representatives of Deloitte & Touche LLP
 are expected to be present at our Annual Meeting, will have the
 opportunity to make a statement at the Annual Meeting if they
 desire to do so, and will be available to respond to appropriate
 questions. If the stockholders fail to ratify the appointment, the audit
 committee will reconsider its appointment of
 Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
 public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending July 31,
 2008. Even if this appointment is ratified, the audit committee,
 in its discretion, may direct the appointment of 7 Table of Contents a different independent registered public accounting firm at any
 time during the year if the audit committee determines that such
 a change would be in our best interests as well as the best
 interests of our stockholders. Audit
 Fees The following table presents information regarding the fees
 estimated and billed by Deloitte & Touche LLP and
 affiliated entities (collectively, “Deloitte &
 Touche”) for the 2007 and 2006 fiscal years. For the Year Ended July 31,
Nature of Services | 2007 | 2006
(In thousands)
Audit Fees | $ | 902 | $ | 1,197
Audit-Related Fees | — | —
Tax Fees | 14 | 12
All Other Fees | — | —
Total Fees | $ | 916 | $ | 1,209 Audit Fees. This category includes services
 provided in connection with the audit of our annual,
 consolidated financial statements, the review of our unaudited,
 quarterly consolidated financial statements, and review of our
 periodic and current reports filed with the securities exchange
 commission. For fiscal 2007 and 2006, Audit Fees also includes
 fees for Deloitte & Touche’s evaluation of the
 internal controls over our financial reporting and audit
 activities associated with an acquisition of assets. Audit-Related Fees. We did not incur any Audit-Related Fees during fiscal 2007 or fiscal 2006. Tax Fees. This category consists of tax
 compliance, tax planning, tax return preparation and tax advice
 with respect to our operations in Europe. All Other Fees. We did not incur any Other
 Fees during fiscal 2007 or fiscal 2006. Audit
 Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures Our audit committee charter provides that the audit committee
 will approve the fees and other significant compensation to be
 paid to our independent auditors, and pre-approve all audit
 services and all non-audit services of independent auditors
 permitted under applicable law. The charter also provides that
 the audit committee may establish other pre-approval policies
 and procedures for the engagement of independent auditors to
 render services to us, including without limitation policies
 that would allow the delegation of pre-approval authority to one
 or more members of the audit committee, provided that any
 pre-approval decision is reported to the audit committee at its
 next scheduled meeting. The audit committee and the Board of
 Directors has delegated pre-approval authority for up to $25,000
 in expenses to the chairman of the audit committee. The chairman
 or the audit committee has approved all work covered by the
 Audit Fees and Tax Fees. All fees listed above paid to our
 independent auditors during fiscal 2006 and 2007 were for work
 performed by the independent auditors’ full-time, permanent
 employees. THE BOARD
 RECOMMENDS A VOTE FOR RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE &
 TOUCHE LLP. REPORT OF
 THE AUDIT COMMITTEE The information contained in the performance graph shall not
 be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be
 “filed” with the SEC, nor shall this information be
 incorporated by reference into any future filing under the
 Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 except to the extent that Diamond specifically incorporates it
 by reference into such filing. The audit committee is comprised of Steven Neil, Joseph Silveira
 and Dennis Mussell, all of whom have been determined to be
 independent by the board of directors under the applicable
 NASDAQ listing 8 Table of Contents requirements and SEC rules. The board also has determined that
 Mr. Neil is an audit committee financial expert as defined
 by the SEC. The committee operates under a written charter
 adopted by the board of directors. A copy of the audit
 committee’s charter is available on Diamond Foods’
 website at http://www.diamondfoods.com or to any stockholder otherwise requesting a copy. The primary function of the audit committee is to provide advice
 with respect to Diamond Foods’ financial matters and to
 assist the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight
 responsibilities regarding (i) the quality and integrity of
 Diamond Foods’ financial statements, (ii) compliance
 with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the
 qualifications and independence of the independent, registered
 public accounting firm serving as Diamond Foods’ auditors
 and (iv) the performance of Diamond Foods’ internal
 audit function and the independent auditors. Management is responsible for Diamond Foods’ internal
 controls and the financial reporting process. The independent
 auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of
 Diamond Foods’ consolidated financial statements in
 accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and to
 issue a report thereon. The audit committee’s
 responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes. The audit committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial
 statements of Diamond Foods for the fiscal year ended
 July 31, 2007 with management, and management represented
 that the financial statements of Diamond Foods were prepared in
 accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
 United States of America. Management has also represented that
 they have assessed the effectiveness of the company’s
 internal controls over financial reporting as of July 31,
 2007 and determined that as of that date, the company has
 maintained effective internal control over financial reporting.
 The audit committee discussed with Deloitte & Touche
 matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing
 Standards (“SAS”) No. 61 (Communication with
 Audit Committees) as amended by SAS No. 91. The audit committee has (1) reviewed and discussed the
 audited financial statements with management, (2) discussed
 with Deloitte & Touche LLP, our independent auditors,
 the matters required to be discussed by the SAS No. 61,
 (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from
 the independent auditors required by Independence Standards
 Board Standard No. 1, and has discussed the auditors’
 independence with the independent auditors and (4) reviewed
 and discussed with management and Deloitte & Touche
 LLP management’s assertions regarding internal financial
 controls. Based upon these discussions and reviews, the audit
 committee recommended to the board of directors that the audited
 financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2007 filed with the SEC. Respectfully submitted by the members of the audit committee
 of the board of directors. Steven Neil, Chairman Joseph Silveira Dennis Mussell 9 Table of Contents STOCK
 OWNERSHIP OF PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table presents certain information regarding the
 beneficial ownership of our common stock as of January 14,
 2008 by each of our directors, each of our named executive
 officers, all of our directors and executive officers as a group
 and each stockholder known to us owning more than 5% of our
 common stock. The percentage of beneficial ownership for the table is based on
 16,145,551 shares of our common stock outstanding as of
 January 14, 2008. To our knowledge, except under community
 property laws or as otherwise noted, the persons and entities
 named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power
 over their shares of our common stock. The number of shares beneficially owned by each stockholder is
 determined under the rules of the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for
 any other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership
 includes those shares over which the stockholder has or shares
 voting or investment control and includes those shares that the
 stockholder has the right to acquire within 60 days after
 January 14, 2008 through the exercise of any stock option.
 The “Percentage of Common Stock” column treats as
 outstanding all shares underlying such options held by the
 stockholder, but not shares underlying options held by other
 stockholders. Number of Shares | % of
Name of Beneficial Owner | of Common Stock | Common Stock(1)
Directors and Officers:
Michael J. Mendes(2) | 685,294 | 4.2 | %
Gary K. Ford(3) | 213,501 | 1.3
Seth Halio(4) | 170,368 | 1.0
John J. Gilbert(5)(6) | 102,259 | *
Joseph P. Silveira(5) | 27,386 | *
Samuel J. Keiper(7) | 66,129 | *
Andrew Burke(8) | 43,028 | *
Robert M. Lea(5) | 50,169 | *
Laurence M. Baer(5) | 25,391 | *
Dennis Mussell(5) | 25,391 | *
Steven M. Neil(5) | 25,391 | *
Glen C. Warren, Jr.(5) | 35,391 | *
Robert J. Zollars(5) | 25,391 | *
All 12 current directors and executive officers as a group(2) — (8) | 1,436,499 | 8.6 | %
Other 5% Stockholders:
KDI Capital Partners, LLC(9) | 878,527 | 5.4 | %
Vardon Capital Management, LLC(10) | 1,103,883 | 6.8 | %
Massachusetts Financial Services Company(11) | 957,572 | 5.9 | %
FMR Corp.(12) | 1,830,299 | 11.3 | % * | Less than one percent.
(1) | Percentage is based on 16,145, 551 shares of common stock outstanding as of January 14, 2008.
(2) | Includes 171,651 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options. Also includes 14,654 shares purchased by Mr. Mendes in the open market for an aggregate purchase price of $248,760.
(3) | Includes 45,555 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(4) | Includes 45,033 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(5) | Includes 4,167 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options. 10 Table of Contents (6) | Includes 42,833 shares in the name of Gilbert Orchards and 20,076 shares in the name of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer of Rio Oso Groves, Inc. and Gilbert Orchards. Mr. Gilbert has sole voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Rio Oso Groves, Inc. Mr. Gilbert and William H. Gilbert have shared voting and dispositive control over the shares owned by Gilbert Orchards. Also includes 11,144 shares in the name of The John and Sandra Gilbert Trust DTD 3/6/2000. Mr. Gilbert is a co-trustee of the trust.
(7) | Includes 15,791 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options.
(8) | Includes 7,500 shares that may be acquired upon exercise of stock options
(9) | We obtained this ownership information for KDI Capital Partners, L.L.C. et al. (“KDI”) from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC by KDI and certain individuals who are partners in KDI, reporting ownership as of July 23, 2007. KDI and its partners share voting power as to 874,733 shares and dispositive power as to 876,777 shares. The address of KDI is 5151 Glenwood Avenue, Raleigh, North Carolina 27612.
(10) | We obtained this ownership information for Vardon Capital Management, LLC (“Vardon”) from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC reporting ownership as of December 29, 2006. Vardon and its partners share voting and dispositive power over 1,103,883 shares. The address of Vardon is 120 W. 45th Street, 17th Floor, New York, New York 10036.
(11) | We obtained this ownership information for Massachusetts Financial Services Company (“MFS”) from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC reporting ownership as of December 31, 2006. MFS has sole voting and dispositive power over 957,572 shares. The address of MFS is 500 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02116.
(12) | We obtained this ownership information for FMR Corp. (“FMR”) from a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC reporting ownership as of December 31, 2006. FMR has sole voting power over 553,210 shares and sole dispositive power over 1,830,299 shares. The address of FMR is 82 Devonshire Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02109. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION Executive
 Officers Name | Age | Position
Michael J. Mendes | 44 | President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Gary K. Ford | 53 | Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President
Seth Halio | 46 | Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Samuel J. Keiper | 57 | Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Human Resources
Andrew Burke | 41 | Senior Vice President, Marketing Michael J. Mendes has served as President and Chief
 Executive Officer of Diamond since 1998, and served as Vice
 President of International Sales and Marketing, prior to being
 appointed as CEO. Mr. Mendes served as Manager of
 International Marketing of the Dole Food Company from 1989 to
 1991. Mr. Mendes has served as Chairman of the Grocery
 Manufactures Association’s President’s Advisory
 Council and currently serves on the Industry Affairs Council. He
 is currently on the Advisory Board of the Wine Group and has
 served on the boards of various industry associations. He holds
 a B.S. from the California Polytechnic State University,
 San Luis Obispo, and an M.B.A. from the Anderson School of
 Management at the University of California, Los Angeles. Gary K. Ford has served as our Executive Vice President
 and Chief Operating Officer since 1998. Mr. Ford served as
 general manager of the in-shell nut division of Sun-Diamond
 Growers of California, a cooperative joint venture, from 1995 to
 1998. From 1992 to 1995, Mr. Ford served as General Manager
 of Metz Baking Company, and from 1979 to 1992, he served in
 various management capacities at PepsiCo, Inc.’s Frito-Lay
 division. He holds a B.S. from William Carey College and an
 M.B.A. from Georgia College and State University. 11 Table of Contents Seth Halio has served as our Executive Vice President and
 Chief Financial Officer since January 2005. From July 2002 to
 January 2005, Mr. Halio served in various senior financial
 management positions at Ocular Sciences, Inc., a contact lens
 manufacturer, including Corporate Controller and Director of
 Finance. From 1997 to April 2002, he served in various
 capacities with Spectra-Physics, Inc., a manufacturer of lasers,
 including most recently as Vice President, Finance. Earlier in
 his career, Mr. Halio spent over eight years with
 Ernst & Young LLP. Mr. Halio holds a B.S. from
 Bucknell University. Samuel J. Keiper has served as our Vice President of
 Corporate Affairs and Human Resources since August 2005. From
 1994 until August 2005, he served as our Vice President of
 Grower Relations and Corporate Affairs. From 1992 to 1994,
 Mr. Keiper served as our Director of Member Services. Prior
 to joining our Diamond Walnut Growers in 1987, Mr. Keiper
 owned and operated a diversified farming company. He holds a
 B.S. from the University of California, Davis. Andrew Burke has served as our Senior Vice President of
 Marketing since March 2007. From June 2006 to March 2007,
 Mr. Burke was our Vice President of Marketing. From October
 2004 until June 2006, Mr. Burke served as Vice President,
 Marketing for Economy Wine, Spirits, Sparkling Wine and
 Beverages, at Ernest & Julio Gallo Winery. From 1997
 until September 2004, Mr. Burke worked at Kraft Foods, Inc.
 in a variety of capacities, including as a Category Business
 Director from September 2003 to September 2004 and a Senior
 Brand Manager from 2001 until September 2003. Prior to Kraft,
 Mr. Burke worked at Young & Rubicam, Inc., as an
 Account Supervisor and Financial Analyst, and Laura Ashley, as a
 financial and inventory analyst. Mr. Burke holds an M.B.A
 from Fordham University and a B.A. from Rutgers. COMPENSATION
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS In this section we provide an explanation and analysis of the
 material elements of the compensation provided to our Chief
 Executive Officer and the four other executive officers named in
 the Summary Compensation Table on page 16 (referred to as
 our “named executive officers”). The purpose of this
 discussion is to provide the context for the specific
 compensation for our named executive officers, as described in
 the tables and narratives following this discussion and analysis. Diamond’s
 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives The central objective of our executive compensation program is
 to attract and retain executives of exceptional ability who will
 provide strong leadership within Diamond to drive stockholder
 value. To that end, our executive compensation is designed to be
 competitive with our industry, with a significant portion of
 total compensation “at-risk” in the form of near- and
 long-term financial incentives. We believe that these incentives
 reward executives when they accomplish individual goals, Diamond
 meets corporate strategic objectives and when stockholder value
 increases. Executive
 Compensation Processes Role of the compensation committee. The
 compensation committee (referred to as the
 “Committee”) of our Board of Directors is responsible
 for making all decisions regarding compensation for our named
 executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer. With
 respect to the Chief Executive Officer, the Committee makes its
 compensation recommendations to the Board of Directors (other
 than Mr. Mendes) for approval. Information regarding the
 Committee and its role is provided on page 5 under the
 heading “ Corporate Governance and Board of Directors
 Matters — Compensation Committee. ” The Committee Uses Reports from
 Consultants. Since our initial public offering in
 July 2005, we have commissioned compensation studies from Aon
 Consulting to provide our management and the Committee with
 benchmarks regarding base salary, bonus, and long-term equity
 incentives for executive officers. During fiscal 2007, Aon
 Consulting provided updated data on cash and equity compensation
 practices in the industry, which we used in connection with
 compensation determinations for fiscal 2008. In establishing compensation benchmarks, Aon summarized survey
 data from Towers Perrin, Economic Research Institute, Watson
 Wyatt Data Services and William Mercer for companies of similar
 size to Diamond 12 Table of Contents in the non-durable goods manufacturing sector and the food
 industry. In order to provide additional points of reference for
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 positions, Aon collected proxy statement data for comparable
 positions at 11 peer companies selected by Aon after
 consultation with our management. We have used the same peer
 group for this purpose since 2005. Although most of the 11 peer
 companies were larger than Diamond, the group is relevant since
 we compete with many of those same companies for executive
 talent. In analyzing compensation levels at these companies,
 however, the studies commissioned from Aon applied a regression
 formula to the compensation data to account for the differences
 in market capitalization with larger firms. The peer group identified in the last Aon study included the
 following companies: • | Kraft Foods, Inc.
• | Campbell Soup Co.
• | Hershey Foods Corp.
• | McCormick & Co., Inc.
• | Smucker JM Co.
• | Lance, Inc.
• | Hain Celestial Group, Inc.
• | J&J Snack Foods Corp.
• | Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
• | Weider Nutrition International, Inc.
• | SunOpta, Inc. The CEO Makes Recommendations. At the
 beginning of each fiscal year our CEO works with each of our
 other named executive officers to develop their individual goal
 achievement plans for their annual bonuses. After completion of
 each fiscal year, the CEO reviews the performance of each named
 executive officer and makes recommendations to the Committee
 about specific compensation levels for those executive officers,
 including base salary, bonus compensation and equity awards.
 After the end of each fiscal year, the CFO reports to the Board
 of Directors, including the Committee members, Diamond’s
 financial results for the year, which the Committee and the
 Board take into account in rendering compensation decisions. Components
 of Executive Compensation The material elements of compensation for our named executive
 officers are annual salaries, annual bonuses and equity
 incentives. Named executive officers also receive perquisites
 and participate in other programs. Base Salary. Base salaries enable us to
 attract and retain executive talent by establishing a minimum
 compensation upon which executives can rely. Over time, salary
 increases are designed to reward sustained individual
 performance, advancement through the organization and increasing
 levels of responsibility. The Committee reviews base salaries
 annually, generally targeting adjustments equal to the
 percentage increase budgeted by us for employees generally. In
 addition, the Committee analyzes benchmark data provided by Aon
 Consulting, which establishes a range of competitive salaries by
 reference to survey data and peer company compensation
 practices. These salary benchmarks enable us to gauge the
 competitiveness of an executive’s base salary or other
 compensation, but we do not set salaries based on the benchmarks. In establishing base salaries for named executive officers in
 fiscal 2007, the Committee reviewed recommendations by the CEO
 with respect to the named executive officers other than himself,
 based on the CEO’s subjective assessments of each named
 executive officer’s experience, responsibilities, teamwork,
 performance and reference to benchmark data. The Committee also
 made subjective assessments about the CEO’s performance,
 and reference to benchmark data, in recommending
 Mr. Mendes’ base salary for fiscal 13 Table of Contents 2007. At the beginning of fiscal 2007, the executive officers
 received raises to their base salaries as follows: Chief
 Executive Officer — 5.0%; Chief Operating
 Officer — 10.0%; Chief Financial Officer —
 5.0%; Vice President Corporate Affairs and Human
 Resources — 6.0%; and Senior Vice President
 Marketing — 3.48%. The raises for the positions other
 than the Senior Vice President Marketing were higher than we
 typically provide, in order to offset a portion of the impact of
 our termination of a defined benefit pension plan. Our Senior
 Vice President Marketing joined Diamond during fiscal 2005 and
 was not eligible to receive pension plan benefits. Annual Bonus Incentives. We pay annual bonuses
 to our named executive officers under our Diamond Annual Bonus
 Program, which is administered by the Committee. Annual bonuses
 are intended to promote the achievement of our annual financial
 goals and corporate initiatives. For fiscal 2007, the maximum
 achievable bonuses for each of our named executive officers were
 as follows: Chief Executive Officer — 100% of base
 salary; Chief Operating Officer — 70% of base salary;
 Chief Financial Officer — 70% of base salary; Vice
 President Corporate Affairs and Human Resources — 50%
 of base salary; and Senior Vice President Marketing —
 50% of base salary. Historically, the bonus period would run
 from December 1 to November 30 each year. Accordingly, bonuses
 were paid in December 2006 for the period from December 1,
 2005 to November 30, 2006. Commencing December 1,
 2006, the bonus period was changed to align with the fiscal
 year, which ends July 31. As a result, bonuses were paid in
 September 2007 and were pro rated for the eight month period
 from December 1, 2006 to July 31, 2007. Each year, our Board reviews and approves an annual plan
 outlining Diamond’s business objectives and key initiatives
 for the upcoming fiscal year. Each of our named executive
 officers other than the Chief Executive Officer develops a
 detailed plan consisting of individual goals, the achievement of
 which support the annual plan. Each of the major categories of
 business goals and objectives contained in our corporate annual
 plan is supported by one or more of these individual goal
 achievement plans. The individual goal achievement plans are
 reviewed and approved by our Chief executive Officer. At the end
 of the fiscal year, each named executive officer other than the
 Chief Executive Officer performs a self-assessment of his
 performance relative to his individual goal achievement plan,
 which is reviewed and approved by our Chief Executive Officer.
 At the conclusion of this process, each named executive officer
 other than the Chief Executive Officer is assigned a score on a
 200 point scale, with 200 points signifying maximum performance,
 at which the maximum bonus would be earned. The Committee
 reviews the Chief Executive Officer’s recommendations and
 approves bonus payments to these officers based on this score as
 recommended by our CEO. After the end of each fiscal year, the Committee evaluates the
 performance of our Chief Executive Officer by reference to our
 performance relative to the Company annual plan, and recommends
 to the Board his bonus compensation based on the
 Committee’s assessment of the achievement of our goals and
 initiatives for the year. The fiscal 2007 annual plan against
 which our Chief Executive Officer’s performance was
 measured consisted of an extensive list of specific business
 goals and corporate objectives that were approved by our Board
 of Directors at the beginning of fiscal 2007. The various
 specific goals and objectives fall into the following main
 categories: revenue and profitability; development of our
 Emerald and Diamond brands; improvements in production yields
 and labor productivity; cost savings and profitability
 initiatives; and improvements in manufacturing and financial
 system infrastructure. Due to the number and complexity of goals
 and objectives included in the Company annual plan and each of
 the executive officers’ individual goal achievement plans,
 and due to the fact that our CEO expects each of the other named
 executive officers to set at least some goals that are difficult
 to achieve, the Committee believes that achievement of maximum
 bonus payments has been and will continue to be a rare
 occurrence. In 2006 and 2007 none of our named executive
 officers received the maximum allowable bonus. Equity Incentives. In fiscal 2007 the
 Committee granted no equity awards, due to its decision to alter
 the timing of equity awards from mid-year to the beginning of
 the fiscal year, to coincide with the timing of executive
 officer base salaries and annual bonus determinations. However,
 the Committee believes that equity awards are a key component of
 its executive compensation program. Our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan enables 14 Table of Contents Diamond to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights,
 restricted stock, and other equity awards. The Committee
 believes that these equity-based incentives serve the following
 purposes: • | align the interests of our executives with those of other shareholders;
• | promote performance orientation among executives through stock option grants the value of which is at risk;
• | augment total compensation to be competitive with executive compensation at other companies; and
• | retain executives through vesting of equity awards, particularly restricted stock. We anticipate that most of our equity awards to executive
 officers will be made pursuant to an annual grant program,
 although the Committee and Board retain the discretion to make
 additional awards of options or restricted stock to executives
 at other times for recruiting or retention purposes. The
 Committee makes annual grants either at in-person meetings or by
 unanimous written consent. To the extent stock options have been
 granted by the Committee, the exercise price equaled the closing
 price of our stock on the date of the meeting or the date on
 which all of the written consents were signed. In addition, from
 time to time, the Committee has approved new hire grants of
 options to officers who join Diamond by unanimous written
 consent. In these situations, the Committee’s practice has
 been to use the closing price of our stock on the date all
 written consents have been signed. The Committee delegated to
 the Chief Executive Officer the authority to grant equity awards
 to non-officer employees, provided that he may not grant more
 than 13,000 options or 2,000 shares of restricted stock to
 any employee. In exercising this delegated authority, the Chief
 Executive Officer reviews proposed equity grants on the
 fifteenth day of each month (or the next business day if the
 fifteenth is a holiday or weekend day). If he approves the grant
 of an option, the exercise price is established as the closing
 price of our stock on that date. Severance and Change of Control Benefits. Each
 of our named executive officers is covered by an arrangement
 under which he will receive payments in the event the
 executive’s employment is terminated after a change of
 control of Diamond. Payments vary from one to three times
 salary, based on position and tenure in the company. In
 addition, if we terminate our Chief Executive Officer without
 cause, he is entitled to continuation of his salary and health,
 dental and vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months,
 as well as certain outplacement services. Finally, under our
 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, all outstanding equity awards will
 vest upon a change of control of Diamond if not assumed by the
 acquirer. We believe that these benefits are competitive in the
 industry and assist in recruiting and retaining executive
 officers. For more information, please refer to “Potential Payments upon Employment Termination and
 Change of Control Events,” which begins on page 22. Retirement Plans. The executive officers
 participate in the same 401(k) plan on the same terms provided
 to all administrative employees. Pursuant to the 401(k) plan, we
 make a contribution of 3% of base salary into 401(k) accounts,
 up to a maximum of $30,000 per year. In addition, the Chief
 Executive Officer participates in Diamond Walnut Growers
 Retirement Restoration Plan, a non-qualified supplemental
 retirement plan that provides supplemental benefits upon
 retirement. This retirement program, which was first implemented
 in 1989, was established to incent and retain senior executives
 by rewarding long-term contributions by providing income
 security upon retirement. For more information regarding the
 Diamond Walnut Growers Retirement Restoration Plan, please see “Pension Benefits” on page 20. Perquisites. We provide executive officers
 with perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are
 consistent with our overall compensation program, in order to
 enable us to attract and retain executives. The Committee
 periodically reviews the types of perquisites and other personal
 benefits provided to executive officers. 15 Table of Contents REPORT OF
 THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation
 Discussion and Analysis with management. Based on such review
 and discussions, the Committee recommended to the Board that the
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in
 Diamond’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2007. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Robert Zollars, Chairman Larry Baer Glen Warren Summary
 of Executive Compensation The following table presents information about the compensation
 for the 2007 fiscal year awarded to, earned by or paid to our
 named executive officers serving in that capacity as of
 July 31, 2007. We also provide benefits to our executive
 officers that are generally available to all of our employees. Summary
 Compensation Table Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Fiscal | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Name and Principal Position | Year | ($) | ($) | ($)(1) | ($) | ($)(2) | ($)(3) | ($)(4) | ($)
Michael Mendes President and Chief Executive Officer | 2007 | 509,280 | — | 1,583,176 | 287,901 | (5) | 456,225 | 120,184 | 246,275 | 3,203,041
Gary Ford Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer | 2007 | 274,039 | — | 685,384 | 42,143 | (6) | 171,646 | — | 74,278 | 1,247,490
Seth Halio Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer | 2007 | 251,539 | — | 595,974 | 38,457 | (6) | 142,590 | — | 41,030 | 1,069,590
Sam Keiper Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Human Resources | 2007 | 185,097 | — | 232,684 | 18,232 | (6) | 77,601 | — | 33,102 | 546,716
Andrew Burke Senior Vice President, Marketing | 2007 | 237,692 | — | 74,622 | 36,077 | (6) | 83,795 | — | 16,546 | 448,732 (1) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2007 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to the awards of restricted shares granted in fiscal years 2005, 2006 and 2007. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 33 of Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the exceptions that the valuation shown here in the Summary Compensation Table assumes no forfeitures for the named executive officers. The restricted shares reflected in this column vest over a three-year period from the date of grant. During the vesting period, the 16 Table of Contents named executive officers are the beneficial owners of the restricted shares and possess all voting and dividend rights. Dividends are payable at the same rate as is paid on the Company’s common shares generally. During fiscal 2007, we paid quarterly dividends at a rate of $0.03 per share.
(2) | Amounts in this column reflect annual, non-equity incentive plan awards earned under the Annual Bonus Program during fiscal 2007. The payments were based on achievement of company annual plan objectives, for the Chief Executive Officer, and of individual goal plan objectives for the other named executive officers. The amounts are comprised of the portion of a bonus paid in December 2006 that was attributable to services in fiscal 2007, and a bonus paid in September 2007. Additional information regarding the Annual Bonus Program is provided under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Components of Executive Compensation — Annual Bonus Incentives.”
(3) | Amounts in this column represent the increase in present value of accumulated benefits accrued under the Diamond Walnut Growers Retirement Restoration Plan, in which the Chief Executive Officer participates. Additional information regarding the Retirement Restoration Plan is set forth below in “Pension Benefits.”
(4) | Amounts shown in this column for each of the named executive officers include the following: Mr. Mendes | Mr. Ford | Mr. Halio | Mr. Keiper | Mr. Burke
Housing and Moving Expenses | $ | 111,321 | $ | 32,400 | $ | 0 | $ | 0 | $ | 0
Travel Reimbursements | 2,131 | 834 | 0 | 1,241 | 1,428
Health and Wellness Programs | 6,443 | 480 | 3,144 | 0 | 832
Exec-U-Care Reimbursements(a) | 2,053 | 6,507 | 4,577 | 424 | 0
Auto and Parking(b) | 4,988 | 2,953 | 9,297 | 3,389 | 0
Financial Planning Services | 15,275 | 6,711 | 6,240 | 6,646 | 0
Tax Gross Ups(c) | 85,896 | 7,329 | 4,093 | 4,585 | 0
401(k) Contribution | 6,963 | 6,415 | 6,203 | 5,692 | 3,742
Life and Medical Insurance Premiums | 11,205 | 10,649 | 7,476 | 11,125 | 10,544
Total | $ | 246,275 | $ | 74,278 | $ | 41,030 | $ | 33,102 | $ | 16,546 (a) | Includes reimbursement for medical expenses not otherwise covered under health insurance offered by Diamond.
(b) | Includes value of the use of company-owned vehicle for personal reasons.
(c) | For Mr. Ford, Mr. Halio and Mr. Keiper, the amounts are attributable to gross ups paid in connection with tax obligations associated with financial planning services. For Mr. Mendes, includes gross-ups paid in connection with tax obligations associated with the following: $54,726 in gross-up for housing reimbursement taxes and $31,170 in gross-up for financial planning services income. (5) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2007 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock granted in fiscal 2006 and 2007. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 33 of Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the exceptions that the valuation shown here in the Summary Compensation Table assumes no forfeitures for the named executive officers. The options reflected in this column vest over a five-year period from the date of grant.
(6) | The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2007 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase common stock granted in fiscal 2006 and 2007. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 33 of Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the, with the exceptions that the valuation shown here in the Summary Compensation Table assumes no forfeitures for the named executive officers. The options reflected in this column vest over a three-year period from the date of grant. 17 Table of Contents 2007
 GRANTS OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS All Other
Option
Awards: | Exercise | Grant
Estimated Future Payouts Under | Number of | or Base | Date Fair
Non-Equity Incentive Plan | Estimated Future Payouts Under | Securities | Price of | Value
Awards(1) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards | Underlying | Option | of Option
Grant | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Options | Awards | Awards
Name | Date | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | ($/Sh) | ($)
Michael Mendes | N/A | 0 | 383,625 | 511,500 | — | — | — | — | — | —
Gary Ford | N/A | 0 | 144,375 | 192,500 | — | — | — | — | — | —
Seth Halio | N/A | 0 | 132,300 | 176,400 | — | — | — | — | — | —
Sam Keiper | N/A | 0 | 69,563 | 92,750 | — | — | — | — | — | —
Andrew Burke | N/A | 0 | 86,275 | 115,033 | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/15/07 | (2) | — | — | — | 15,000 | 15.83 | 10,603 (1) | Reflects potential payouts of amounts that could have been earned with respect to fiscal 2007 threshold, target and maximum levels under the Diamond Foods Annual Bonus Program. Targets for non-equity incentive plan awards are based on 75% of maximum, which has been our practice for senior executives. Actual amounts earned for fiscal 2007 have been reported in “Summary Compensation Table” as Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation, which provides actual payments made in December 2006. The “Maximum” amounts are based on percentages of salaries in effect as of December 2006, prorated to four months, and September 2007, prorated to eight months. The maximum bonus percentages of salary are: Chief Executive Officer — 100%; Chief Operating Officer — 70%; Chief Financial Officer — 70%; Vice President Corporate Affairs and Human Resources — 50%; Senior Vice President Marketing — 50%. Mr. Burke was promoted from Vice President, Marketing to Senior Vice President, Marketing in April 2007, and his maximum non-equity incentive plan award was increased from 45% of salary. Under the Annual Bonus Program, named executive officers could receive no payment if performance objectives are not met. Accordingly, the “Threshold” amounts are $0.
(2) | This stock option award was granted under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The option incrementally vest as to one-third of the shares subject to the options on the first anniversary of grant and thereafter vest in monthly pro-rata increments over the following twenty-four months. The options have a maximum term of ten years subject to earlier termination upon cessation of service to Diamond. The exercise price of each option may be paid in cash or in shares of common stock valued at the closing price on the exercise date or may be paid with the proceeds from a same-day sale of the purchased shares. Amounts shown in this column represent the grant date fair value under FAS 123R of the stock options without giving effect to any forfeiture rate. 18 Table of Contents 2007
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END Stock Awards
Option Awards | Equity | Equity
Equity | Incentive | Incentive
Incentive | Market | Plan Awards: | Plan Awards:
Plan Awards: | Value of | Number of | Market or
Number of | Number of | Number of | Shares or | Unearned | Payout Value
Securities | Number of | Securities | Shares or | Units of | Shares, Units | of Unearned
Underlying | Securities | Underlying | Units of | Stock | or Other | Shares, Units or
Unexercised | Underlying | Unexercised | Option | Stock that | that | Rights that | Other Rights
Options (#) | Unexercised | Unearned | Exercise | Option | have not | have Not | have not | that have
Exercisable | Options (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Vested | not Vested
Name | (1) | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) | Date | (#)(2) | ($)(3) | (#) | ($)
Michael Mendes | 168,888 | (4) | 84,445 | (4) | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 84,444 | (5) | 1,387,415 | (5) | — | —
78,750 | (6) | 146,250 | (6) | — | 17.07 | 10/25/15 | 14,067 | (8) | 231,121 | (8) | — | —
21,096 | (7) | 42,192 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | — | — | — | —
Gary Ford | 63,333 | (4) | 31,667 | (4) | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 31,666 | (5) | 520,272 | (5) | — | —
5,972 | (7) | 11,943 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 3,978 | (8) | 65,359 | (8) | — | —
Seth Halio | 63,333 | (4) | 31,667 | (4) | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 27,444 | (5) | 450,905 | (5) | — | —
5,450 | (7) | 10,899 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 3,636 | (8) | 59,739 | (8) | — | —
Sam Keiper | 21,111 | (4) | 10,556 | (4) | — | 17.00 | 7/20/15 | 10,555 | (5) | 173,419 | (5) | — | —
2,597 | (7) | 5,193 | (7) | — | 21.00 | 1/10/16 | 1,728 | (8) | 28,391 | (8) | — | —
Andrew Burke | 5,000 | (9) | 10,000 | (9) | — | 14.93 | 6/19/16 | 10,000 | (10) | 164,300 | (10) | — | —
0 | (11) | 15,000 | (11) | — | 15,83 | 3/14/17 | — | — | — | — (1) | All options set forth in the table have a ten-year term. The unvested portion of an option will expire prior to its stated expiration date in the event of the optionee’s termination of employment.
(2) | The shares set forth in column g are grants of restricted stock that vest subject to continued employment with Diamond.
(3) | The market value of the unvested restricted shares was computed using $16.43, which was the closing share price of Diamond stock on July 31, 2007.
(4) | These options were granted on July 20, 2005 in connection with Diamond’s initial public offering. One-third of the options vested on July 20, 2006, and the remaining options vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after July 20, 2006 such that the options will be fully vested on July 20, 2008.
(5) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on July 20, 2005 in connection with Diamond’s initial public offering. One-third of the restricted shares vested on July 20, 2006, an additional third vested on July 20, 2007 and the remaining restricted shares will vest on July 20, 2008.
(6) | From 2001 until October 2005, Mr. Mendes was the beneficiary of a Long Term Incentive Compensation program (“LTIC”), pursuant to which Diamond agreed to provide Mr. Mendes with annual cash benefits over a ten year period, with payments to begin as early as Mr. Mendes’ 50th birthday, under certain circumstances. To better align Mr. Mendes’ interests with those of our stockholders, on October 25, 2005, the Board approved terminating the LTIC and granted Mr. Mendes an option to purchase 225,000 shares of our common stock. The option vests over five years, with options to purchase 20% of the shares vesting on October 25, 2006, and the remainder vesting on a pro rata basis on each quarterly anniversary thereafter over the next four years. The option will be fully vested on October 25, 2010.
(7) | These options were granted on January 10, 2006. One-third of the options vested on January 10, 2007, and the remaining options vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after January 10, 2006 such that the options will be fully vested on January 10, 2009.
(8) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on January 10, 2006. One-third of the restricted shares vested on January 10, 2007, an additional third vested on January 10, 2008, and the remaining restricted shares will vest on January 10, 2009.
(9) | These options were granted on June 19, 2006 in connection with commencement of Mr. Burke’s employment with Diamond. One-third of the options vested on June 19, 2007, and the remaining options vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after June 19, 2007 such that the options will be fully vested on June 19, 2009. 19 Table of Contents (10) | These shares of restricted stock were granted on June 19, 2006 in connection with commencement of Mr. Burke’s employment with Diamond. One-third of the restricted shares vested on June 19, 2007, an addition third will vest on June 19, 2008, and the remaining shares will vest on June 19, 2009.
(11) | These options were granted on March 14, 2007 in connection with commencement of Mr. Burke’s promotion to Senior Vice President, Marketing. One-third of the options will vest on March 14, 2008, and the remaining options will vest in eight equal installments each calendar quarter after March 14, 2008 such that the options will be fully vested on March 14, 2010. 2007
 OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Shares | Value Realized | Number of Shares | Value Realized on
Acquired on Exercise | on Exercise | Acquired on Vesting | Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#)(1) | ($)(2)
Michael Mendes | — | — | 91,478 | 1,560,965
Gary Ford | — | — | 33,656 | 574,037
Seth Halio | — | — | 29,262 | 499,132
Sam Keiper | — | — | 11,420 | 194,863
Andrew Burke | — | — | 5,000 | 87,450 (1) | Represents shares of restricted stock that vested during fiscal 2007.
(2) | The market price used in determining the value realized was calculated using the closing share price on the date of vesting. PENSION
 BENEFITS Prior to November 17, 2006, we maintained the Diamond
 Foods, Inc. Pension Plan, which was a qualified defined benefit
 plan covering administrative employees including named executive
 officers. On November 17, 2006, we froze the pension plan
 such that all pension benefits ceased accruing on that date.
 Effective December 1, 2006, we terminated the pension plan.
 In connection with the termination of the plan, employees had
 the option of receiving a settlement of their accrued pension
 plan benefits by taking an immediate monthly life annuity or a
 lump sum equal to the actuarial equivalent of the accrued
 benefit. The lump sum amount was calculated using the required
 lump sum basis, including the average 30-year Treasury bond rate for the month two months prior to the month
 of distribution, and the mortality table published by the IRS in
 Revenue Ruling 2001-62. The
 lump sum value calculation included discounting with interest
 each future benefit payment over the employee’s expected
 lifetime. We continue to maintain the Diamond Walnut Growers Retirement
 Restoration Plan, which provides unfunded, non-qualified
 benefits. Our Chief Executive Officer is the sole remaining
 participant in the plan. The rules governing eligibility under
 this plan are the same under the terminated Pension Plan, which
 required that an employee either complete 1,000 hours of
 service in the first twelve months of employment or complete
 1,000 hours of service in any plan year (August 1 to July
 31) beginning after the date of hire. Our Chief Executive
 Officer is eligible for participation under the Retirement
 Restoration Plan. The normal retirement benefit provided under the Retirement
 Restoration Plan is payable as an annuity beginning at
 age 60. The benefit is the amount by which the monthly
 target benefit under the plan exceeds the monthly benefit paid
 under the Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan. The target benefit
 under the Retirement Restoration Plan is the amount resulting
 from the formula below that produces the higher benefit: • | 2% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service. Once this amount is calculated, subtract 1% multiplied by the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 40 years). 20 Table of Contents • | 3% of the annual average compensation multiplied by years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). Once this amount is calculated, add 1 / 2 % of the annual average compensation multiplied by the years of credited service that exceed 15 years. Once this amount is added, subtract 3 1 / 3 % of the social security benefit payable multiplied by the years of credited service (not to exceed 15 years). For the purposes of these calculations, annual average
 compensation is the highest average of annual compensation over
 five consecutive years out of the ten years preceding the date
 of termination of employment. Compensation includes base salary
 and bonus. The rules governing early retirement eligibility under the
 Retirement Restoration Plan are the same as were defined in the
 terminated Pension Plan: • | Early retirement is available on the first day of any month that coincides with or immediately follows the 50th birthday, but not before reaching ten years of service with Diamond.
• | Benefits may start at any time between age 50 and 60. The amount of the early retirement benefit is the amount that
 would have otherwise been payable upon normal retirement
 beginning at age 60, minus 1 / 3 %
 per month for each month early retirement precedes the
 age 60 normal retirement date. The Retirement Restoration Plan allows the participant to choose
 from a number of methods to receive accrued benefits, which
 include the following: • | Single life annuity — A single life annuity provides a monthly benefit until death. This option also includes an alternative allowing for 3% annual benefit increases for inflation protection (in which case the starting benefit is lower).
• | Life annuity with 5 or 10 years certain — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit for life. If death occurs before the end of the 5 or 10 years, the designated beneficiary will receive the same monthly benefit for the remainder of the 5 or 10 year period.
• | Joint and survivor annuity — Under this form, the participant receives a monthly benefit paid for life. If the participant dies before their beneficiary, the beneficiary receives the selected percentage (50%, 66 2 / 3 %, 75%, or 100%) of that monthly benefit for the rest of his or her life. A 75% joint and survivor annuity is also available with 3% annual benefit increases for inflation protection (in which case the starting benefit is lower).
• | Social Security adjustment option — Under this option, the single life annuity amount is adjusted to provide a higher benefit prior to age 65 and a lower benefit thereafter (anticipating that the participant might commence social security benefits at age 65).
• | Immediate annuity — If a participant is not yet eligible for early retirement but their original hire date was before August 1, 2000, the participant is eligible to receive a reduced annuity payable immediately upon termination. If the participant is single, the benefit is paid in the “single life annuity” form of payment, described above, and if married, the benefit is paid as a “50% joint and survivor” annuity. This annuity is actuarially reduced to be payable at the age at termination.
• | Lump sum payment — Under this form, the participant receives a single cash payment (lump sum) equal to the actuarial present value of the vested benefit. The lump sum amount is determined based on the required basis set forth in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade — Retirement Protection Act of 1994 (“GATT”), utilizing the average 30-year T-bond rate for the month two months prior to the month of distribution. The higher the interest rate, the lower the lump sum, and vice versa. 21 Table of Contents Determination
 of Value The amounts shown are based on retirement at age 60, which
 is the earliest age at which an unreduced retirement benefit is
 payable under the Retirement Restoration Plan. Other key
 assumptions used to determine the amounts are as follows: • | An interest rate of 6.40%, the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87, Employers’ Accounting for Pensions (“SFAS 87”) discount rate as of July 31, 2007. The discount rate as of July 31, 2006 was 5.85%.
• | The value of benefits under the SERP have been determined assuming the benefit is received as a lump sum, with the conversion based on a 6% interest rate (was 5.5% at July 31, 2006) and the unisex Revenue Ruling 2001-62 mortality table. The table below shows for our Chief Executive Officer the number
 of years of credited service, present value of accumulated
 benefit and payments during the last fiscal year under the
 Retirement Restoration Plan. The years of credited service are
 years of service while employed by us, and no additional years
 of credited service have been granted. 2007
 Pension Benefits Present Value of | Payments
Number of Years | Accumulated | During Last
Credited Service | Benefit | Fiscal Year
Name | Plan Name | (#) | ($) | ($)(1)
Michael Mendes | Retirement Restoration Plan | 14.8 | 1,690,901 | —
Michael Mendes | Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan | — | — | 253,367 (1) | In connection with the termination of the Diamond Foods, Inc. Pension Plan, employees had the option of receiving a settlement of their accrued pension plan benefits by taking an immediate monthly life annuity or a lump sum equal to the actuarial equivalent of the accrued benefit. The lump sum amount was calculated using the required lump sum basis, including the average 30-year Treasury bond rate for the month two months prior to the month of distribution, and the mortality table published by the IRS in Revenue Ruling 2001-62. The lump sum value calculation included discounting with interest each future benefit payment over the employee’s expected lifetime. Mr. Mendes elected to receive the lump sum amount, which is the value reflected in the table above. Potential
 Payments upon Employment Termination and Change-of-Control
 Events We have entered into change-of-control agreements with our
 executive officers. Under these agreements, if we sell all or
 substantially all of our assets, complete a merger after which
 our stockholders before the merger do not own more than 50% of
 the surviving or successor entity’s outstanding voting
 securities after the merger, or any person or entity acquires
 50% or more of our outstanding voting securities, and then after
 such change of control the successor entity terminates the
 executive officer without cause (as defined below) or the
 executive officer terminates his employment for good reason (as
 defined below), then the vesting of the executive officer’s
 restricted stock and stock options will accelerate and the
 executive will become entitled to receive severance payments
 equal to a multiple of his current yearly salary and maximum
 bonus. The multiple is three times for Mr. Mendes,
 Mr. Ford and Mr. Keiper, two times for Mr. Halio
 and one time for Mr. Burke. In addition, if an executive
 officers elects to continue medical and/or dental coverage after termination, he will receive a monthly
 payment equal to the premium(s) for the coverage elected for
 himself and his dependents. Under these agreements, the term “cause” means
 termination of employment due to the officer’s willful and
 continued failure to perform his or her duties to the Company or
 its successor after we (or our successor or the surviving
 entity) deliver a written demand for substantial performance to
 the officer provided that this demand specifically identifies
 how we (or our successor or the surviving entity) believe that
 the officer has not 22 Table of Contents substantially performed his or her or her duties, or the
 officer’s conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo
 contendere to felony criminal conduct. Under these agreements, the term “good reason” means
 in each case without the officer’s consent or waiver: a
 material diminution of the officer’s duties or authority
 with Diamond, or the assignment of duties and responsibilities
 inconsistent with his or her status at Diamond, as of the date
 of the change of control; a reduction in base salary or material
 reduction in benefits as of the date of the change in control
 without the express written consent of the officer; any breach
 by us of any of our material obligations under our agreements
 with the officer; or a reassignment that requires the officer to
 move his or her principal work location more than 50 miles. In addition, in connection with commencement of his employment
 as Chief Executive Officer, we agreed to provide Mr. Mendes
 with termination benefits independent of a change of control
 transaction. If we terminate Mr. Mendes’ employment
 for any reason other than due to his willful breach of duty,
 habitual neglect of duty or continued incapacity to perform, he
 is entitled to continuation of his salary and health, dental and
 vision insurance benefits for up to 12 months, and we have
 agreed to provide him with up to $10,000 in outplacement
 services. The tables below present estimated payments and benefits that
 would have been provided to each of our named executive officers
 assuming their respective terminations as of July 31, 2007
 pursuant to their change of control agreements, with respect to
 all of the named executive officers, and pursuant to the
 employment letter agreement, with respect to Mr. Mendes. As
 a condition of receiving any severance benefits in connection
 with the change of control agreements, a named executive officer
 must execute a full waiver and release of all claims in our
 favor and agree to abide by certain covenants regarding
 confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees, non-interference
 with our business relationships and non-competition. In addition
 to the benefits described in the tables below, upon termination
 of employment the named executive officers may also be eligible
 for other benefits that are generally available to all salaried
 employees, such as life insurance, long-term disability, and
 401(k) benefits. Michael Mendes | Gary Ford | Seth Halio | Sam Keiper | Andrew Burke
Termination after Change of Control:
Severance — Multiple of Base Salary and Maximum Annual Bonus Program Award | $ | 3,118,500 | $ | 1,402,500 | $ | 856,800 | $ | 834,750 | $ | 357,000
Post-termination COBRA reimbursement for 18 months | 22,451 | 22,451 | 15,469 | 22,451 | 22,451
Acceleration of unvested restricted stock as of July 31, 2007(1) | 1,618,536 | 585,631 | 510,644 | 201,810 | 164,300
Acceleration of unvested options as of July 31, 2007(2) | — | — | — | — | 24,000
Total | 4,759,487 | 2,010,582 | 1,382,913 | 1,059,011 | 567,751
Voluntary Retirement:
Payment under Retirement Restoration Plan(3) | 1,690,901 | — | — | — | —
Involuntary Termination:
Post-termination outplacement services | 10,000 | — | — | — | —
Post-termination base salary, health and welfare benefit continuation (12 months)(4) | 534,717 | — | — | — | —
Total | 544,717 | — | — | — | — 23 Table of Contents (1) | Amounts shown represent acceleration of vesting triggered by termination event after a change of control based on $16.43 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on July 31, 2007.
(2) | Amounts shown represent acceleration of vesting triggered by termination event after a change of control based on $16.43 per share, which was the closing price of Diamond’s stock on July 31, 2007. The exercise prices of unvested options for Mr. Mendes, Mr. Ford, Mr. Halio and Mr. Keiper exceeded $16.43.
(3) | Amounts reflect estimated lump-sum present value of non-qualified retirement plan benefits.
(4) | Amounts reflect 12 months of base salary and COBRA reimbursements as of July 31, 2007. DIRECTOR
 COMPENSATION The following table shows the compensation earned in fiscal 2007
 by members of our Board of Directors: Fees Earned or
Paid in Cash | Stock Awards | Option Awards | Total
Name | ($)(1) | ($)(2) | ($)(3) | ($)
Larry Baer | 32,500 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 122,316
Jack Gilbert | 37,000 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 126,816
Bob Lea | 32,000 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 122,316
Dennis Mussell | 34,500 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 124,316
Steve Neil | 37,500 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 127,316
Joe Silveira | 34,000 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 123,816
Glen Warren | 31,000 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 120,816
Bob Zollars | 35,000 | 39,993 | 49,823 | 124,816 (1) | Our non-employee directors receive annual retainer and meeting fees. The annual retainer is $18,000 and meeting fees are $2,000 for each board meeting attended. In addition, the chairman of the Board of Directors and the chairman of the audit committee each receive an annual retainer of $5,000, and the compensation committee chair and nominating and governance committee chair each receive an additional annual retainer of $2,500. Committee members receive a meeting fees of $500 for each board committee meeting attended. All of our directors are reimbursed for their reasonable expenses in attending board and board committee meetings.
(2) | Upon their initial appointment or election to our Board of Directors, each non-employee director receives an automatic grant of restricted stock under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of shares is equal to $120,000 divided by the closing price of our stock on the date of grant. Each such automatic stock grant is restricted, meaning that we retain the right to repurchase the shares for the nominal purchase price until they are vested. The restricted shares vests in three equal annual installments, commencing with the first anniversary of the date of grant, provided the director remains in continuous service as a director through that date. Prior to vesting, the director is entitled to vote and receive dividends with respect to such shares, but not to transfer them. Each award will become fully vested if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the director’s termination of service. The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2007 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to the awards of restricted shares granted in fiscal 2005. Additional information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 33 of the Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(3) | Under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, each non-employee director receives an automatic grant of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock upon first joining the Board of Directors. The option will have an exercise price equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. Non-employee directors who were members of the board on the date of our initial public offering on July 20, 2005, received their initial, automatic grant on such date, with an exercise price equal to our initial public offering price of $17.00 per share. 24 Table of Contents Our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan also provides that each
 non-employee director will receive an automatic grant of an
 option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on
 each anniversary of the date of grant of the initial option.
 Accordingly, on July 20, 2007, each non-employee director
 received this automatic grant with an exercise price equal to
 $17.03 per share, which was the closing price of our stock on
 such date. These automatic option grants have ten-year terms and
 will terminate six months following the date the director ceases
 to be one of our directors or consultants or 12 months
 following that date, if the termination is due to death or
 disability. Each automatic grant of options vests and becomes
 exercisable on the one-year anniversary of the date of grant,
 provided the director remains in continuous service as a
 director through that date. In addition, each option award will
 become fully vested and exercisable if we are acquired prior to
 or at the time of the director’s termination of service. The amounts shown in this column represent compensation expense
 recognized for financial reporting purposes during fiscal 2007
 in accordance with SFAS 123R related to options to purchase
 common stock granted in fiscal years 2006 and 2007. Additional
 information regarding our SFAS 123R assumptions can be
 found in “Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements” on page 33 of Amendment
 No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K. COMPENSATION
 COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION The compensation committee currently consists of Laurence Baer,
 Glen Warren and Robert Zollars, none of whom has any
 interlocking relationships as defined by the Securities and
 Exchange Commission. Equity
 Compensation Plan Information The following table sets forth information as of July 31,
 2007 regarding equity awards under our 2005 Equity Incentive
 Plan and 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan: Equity
 Compensation Plan Information Table Weighted | Number of Securities
Number of Securities | Average Exercise | Available for Future
to be Issued Upon | Price of | Issuance Under Equity
Exercise of | Outstanding | Compensation Plans
Outstanding Options, | Options, Warrants | (Excluding Securities
Warrants and Rights | and Rights | Reflected in Column (a))
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 1,621,170 | $ | 17.37 | 948,936 | (1)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | 0 | — | —
Total | 1,621,170 | $ | 17.37 | 948,936 | (1) (1) | Of these shares, 445,072 shares remain available for purchase under our 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and 503,864 shares remain available for purchase under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. All of the shares available for grant under the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan may be issued in the form of stock options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation rights or restricted stock units. Under the terms of our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, on the first business day of each of the fiscal years 2006 through 2014, the aggregate number of shares reserved and available for grant and issuance pursuant to the plan is automatically increased by a number of shares equal to 2% of the total outstanding shares as of the immediately preceding July 31, or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board of Directors, provided that no more than 25,000,000 shares may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options. Under the terms of our 2005 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, beginning in fiscal 2007, on the first business day of each fiscal year the aggregate number of shares reserved for issuance under the plan is automatically increased by a number of shares equal to 1% of the total outstanding shares as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or a lesser number of shares determined by our Board of Directors, provided that the aggregate number of shares issued over the term of the plan shall not exceed 4,000,000 shares. 25 Table of Contents CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Any related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by
 the audit committee or another independent body of the Board of
 Directors in accordance with the written Audit Committee Charter. Other than the employment and severance agreements described in
 “Corporate Governance and Board of Directors
 Matters — Director Compensation,” “Executive
 Compensation” and the transactions described below, since
 August 1, 2006 there has not been, and there currently is
 not proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions
 to which we were or will be a party: • | in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds $120,000; and
• | in which any director, executive officer, holder of more than 5% of any class of our common stock or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. Grower
 Payments We have paid each member of our Board of Directors who is
 currently a grower from whom we purchase walnuts, or an
 affiliate of a such a grower, for walnut products we received
 from them in the ordinary course of our business. The following
 table shows the payments received by the directors who also sold
 walnuts to us in fiscal 2007 and fiscal 2008 through
 November 15, 2007: Fiscal | Grower
Name | Year | Payments
John J. Gilbert(1) | 2008 | $ | 1,456,127
2007 | $ | 1,935,591
Robert M. Lea | 2008 | $ | 530,662
2007 | $ | 519,745 (1) | Represents amounts paid to Rio Oso Groves, Inc., of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer, and to Gilbert Orchards, a corporation of which Mr. Gilbert is an owner and executive officer. Indemnification
 of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of
 Liability Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that
 eliminates the personal liability of our directors for monetary
 damages resulting from breach of fiduciary duty as directors,
 except for liability: • | for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to our company or our stockholders;
• | for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
• | under section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regarding unlawful dividends and stock purchases; or
• | for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. Our bylaws provide that we: • | must indemnify its directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions;
• | may indemnify our other employees and agents to the same extent that we indemnified our directors and executive officers, unless otherwise required by law, our certificate of incorporation, bylaws or agreements; and
• | must advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and executive officers in connection with a legal proceeding to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, subject to limited exceptions. We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our
 directors and executive officers to give them additional
 contractual assurances regarding the scope of the
 indemnification provided in our certificate of 26 Table of Contents incorporation and bylaws and to provide additional procedural
 protections. Presently, there is no pending litigation or
 proceeding involving any of our directors, executive officers or
 employees for which indemnification is sought, nor are we aware
 of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for
 indemnification. We maintain liability insurance for our directors and officers
 and have obtained a rider to this coverage for securities
 matters. DEADLINE
 FOR SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR 2009 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Stockholders are entitled to present proposals for consideration
 at forthcoming stockholder meetings provided that they comply
 with the proxy rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange
 Commission and our Bylaws. Under SEC rules, any stockholder who
 intends to present a proposal at our 2009 annual meeting of
 stockholders must submit the proposal, in writing, so that we
 receive it at our principal executive offices no later than
 October 14, 2008 in order for the proposal to be included
 in our proxy statement and proxy for the 2008 meeting.
 Stockholders wishing to present a proposal at our 2009 annual
 meeting of stockholders or to nominate a person to our board of
 directors at the 2009 annual meeting of stockholders (but not
 include such nomination in the proxy statement) must submit such
 proposal or nominee to us no earlier than December 10, 2008
 and no later than January 9, 2009 if they wish for it to be
 eligible for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy
 relating to that meeting. To be valid, submission of a director
 nominee must include the information contained in
 Section 1.11(a)(ii) of our Bylaws. If the 2009 annual meeting of stockholders occurs on a date more
 than 30 days earlier or later than the anniversary of the
 prior year’s annual meeting of stockholders, then
 nominations and stockholder proposals must be received not
 earlier than close of business on the 105th day prior to
 the annual meeting and not later than close of business on the
 later to occur of (i) the 75th day prior to the annual
 meeting or (ii) the 10th day after the date we first
 publicly announced the date of the annual meeting. SECTION 16(a)
 BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act requires our
 directors and officers, and persons who own shares representing
 more than 10% of our common stock, to file initial reports of
 ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange
 Commission regulations also require these persons to furnish us
 with a copy of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
 solely on our review of the copies of the forms furnished to us
 and written representations from our executive officers and
 directors, we believe that all Section 16(a) filing
 requirements were met during the 2007 fiscal year. OTHER
 BUSINESS The board of directors knows of no other business that will be
 presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting. If any other
 matters are properly brought before the Annual Meeting, it is
 the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to
 vote the shares they represent as the board of directors may
 recommend. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in
 person, please either cast your vote online, via telephone, or
 complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card
 in the enclosed postage-paid envelope before the Annual Meeting
 so that your shares will be represented at the Meeting. 27 Table of Contents 0 0 0 0 0 4
MR A SAMPLE DESIGNATION (IF ANY) ADD 1 ADD 2 ADD 3 ADD 4 ADD 5 ADD 6 000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext | 000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext 000000000.000000 ext Electronic Voting Instructions You can vote by Internet or telephone! Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week! Instead of mailing your proxy, you may choose one of the two voting methods outlined below to vote your proxy. VALIDATION DETAILS ARE LOCATED BELOW IN THE TITLE BAR. Proxies submitted by the Internet or telephone must be received by 1:00 a.m., Central Time, on March 25, 2008. Vote by Internet • Log on to the Internet and go to www.investorvote.com • Follow the steps outlined on the secured website.
Vote by telephone • Call toll free 1-800-652-VOTE (8683) within the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico any time on a touch tone telephone. There is NO CHARGE to you for the call. • Follow the instructions provided by the recorded message. Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please do not write outside the designated areas. | x Annual Meeting Proxy Card | C0123456789 | 12345 ▼ IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE,
FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN
THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. ▼ A | Proposals — The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR all the nominees listed and FOR Proposal 2. 1. | Election of Directors: | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | For | Withhold | +
01 - John J. Gilbert | o | o | 02 - Steven M. Neil | o | o | 03 - Robert J. Zollars | o | o For | Against | Abstain
2. Approval of Deloitte & Touche LLP as independent registered public accounting firm. | o | o | o B | Non-Voting Items
Change of Address — Please print new address below. C | Authorized Signatures — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. — Date and Sign Below Please sign exactly as name(s) appears hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as
attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give
full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. | Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. | Signature 2 — Please keep signature within the box.
/ / Table of Contents 6 IF YOU HAVE NOT VOTED VIA THE INTERNET OR TELEPHONE, FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. 6 Proxy — DIAMOND FOODS, INC. Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 25, 2008 THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned hereby appoints Michael J. Mendes and John J. Gilbert, and each of them, as the
Proxyholders, each with full powers of substitution, and hereby authorizes them to represent and
to vote, as designated on the reverse side, all shares of common stock of Diamond Foods, Inc. (the
“COMPANY”) that the undersigned is entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the
Company to be held on March 25, 2008 at 10:00 a.m., at 1050 South Diamond Street, Stockton,
California, 95205-7087 and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This Proxy, when properly executed and returned in a timely manner, will be voted at the Meeting
and any adjournment or postponement thereof in the manner described herein. If no contrary
indication is made, the Proxy will be voted FOR the Proposals and in accordance with the judgement
and in the discretion of the persons named as Proxyholders herein on any other business that may
properly come before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, to the extent
authorized by Rule 14A-4(c) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE MEETING, PLEASE COMPLETE, DATE AND SIGN THIS PROXY CARD
AND RETURN IT PRIOR TO THE MEETING IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. SEE REVERSE SIDE | CONTINUED AND TO BE VOTED ON REVERSE SIDE. | SEE REVERSE SIDE