6-K 1 tm2331879d1_6k.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13A-16 OR 15D-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of December 2023 Commission
File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) Unit 1 Camwal Court, Chapel Street Bristol BS2 0UW United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F x Form 40-F ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K On November 28, 2023, Vertical
Aerospace Ltd. (the “Company”) received written notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) that it
is not in compliance with Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual because the average closing price of the Company’s
common stock was less than $1.00 per share over a consecutive 30 trading-day period (the “Notice”). In
accordance with applicable NYSE rules, the Company has notified the NYSE that it intends to cure the stock price deficiency and return
to compliance with the NYSE continued listing standards. The Company can regain compliance at any time within a six-month cure period
following its receipt of the NYSE notice if, on the last trading day of any calendar month during such cure period, the Company has both:
(i) a closing share price of at least $1.00 and (ii) an average closing share price of at least $1.00 over the 30 trading-day period ending
on the last trading day of that month. The Company intends to remain listed on the NYSE and will consider available options for regaining
compliance. The Notice has no immediate impact on the listing of the Company’s common stock, which will continue to be listed
on the NYSE during such cure period and is not anticipated to impact the ongoing business operations of the Company. As
required by Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, the Company issued a press release on December 1, 2023, announcing that
it had received the notice of noncompliance with the NYSE’s continued listing standards. A copy of the press release is furnished
herewith as Exhibit 99.1. Forward-Looking Statements This Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form
6-K (the “Form 6-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Any express or implied statements contained in this Form 6-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the value of the Company’s common stock, the Company’s ability
to regain compliance with the NYSE continued listing standards on the timeline required, the Company’s continued trading of its
common stock on the NYSE, and the anticipated impact of the Notice on the Company’s operations, as well as statements that include
the words “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “project,” “forecast,”
“estimate,” “may,” “should,” “anticipate,” “will,” “aim,” “potential,”
“continue,” “is/are likely to” and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements
are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those projected, including, without limitation the important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the
Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22, 2023, as
such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 6-K speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. the Company
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise, other than to the extent required by applicable law. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The information included in this
Report on Form 6-K (excluding Exhibit 99.1) is hereby incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statements
on Form F-3 (File No. 333-270756 and File No. 333-275430) (including any prospectuses forming a part of such registration
statements) and to be a part thereof from the date on which this Report on Form 6-K is filed, to the extent not superseded by documents
or reports subsequently filed or furnished. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press release of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. dated December 1, 2023 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: December 1, 2023 | By: | /s/ Stuart Simpson
Stuart Simpson
Chief Financial Officer