6-K 1 tm2320466d1_6k.htm FROM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of July 2023 Commission File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) Unit 1 Camwal Court, Chapel Street Bristol BS2 0UW United Kingdom (Address of principal
executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F x Form 40-F ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K Officer Changes On July 3,
2023, the Board of Directors (the “ Board ”) of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (the “ Company ”)
appointed Stuart Simpson as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and designated Mr. Simpson as the Company’s principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer, each with effect from September 11, 2023. Mr. Simpson is a seasoned leader, joining the Company from Avast, a
FTSE 100 company, where he served as the Group Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Simpson held the roles of Interim Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Operating Officer at Royal Mail, also a FTSE 100 company. Mr. Simpson has a long history in the automotive industry,
working for General Motors and Rolls Royce and Bentley Motor Car Company. Forward-Looking Statements This Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K (the “Form
6-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any express
or implied statements contained in this Form 6-K that are not statements of historical fact or which that relate to our current expectations
and views of future events may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the anticipated
management changes and related timing, Mr. Simpson’s impact on the Company’s executive leadership team as its Chief Financial
Officer, as well as statements that include the words “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,”
 “project,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “may,” “should,” “anticipate,”
 “will,” “aim,” “potential,” “continue,” “is/are likely to” and similar statements
of a future or forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, including, without limitation the important
factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22, 2023, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company’s
other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly
undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. the Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 6-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than to the extent required
by applicable law. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The information included in this Report on Form 6-K is hereby incorporated
by reference into the Company’s Registration Statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-270756) (including any prospectuses forming a part
of such registration statements) and to be a part thereof from the date on which this Report on Form 6-K is filed, to the extent not superseded
by documents or reports subsequently filed or furnished. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: July 5, 2023 | By: | /s/ Stephen Fitzpatrick
Stephen Fitzpatrick
Chief Executive Officer