6-K 1 tm249331d1_6k.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13A-16 OR 15D-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of March 2024 Commission
File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) Unit 1 Camwal Court, Chapel Street Bristol BS2 0UW United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F x Form
40-F ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K Commencing on March 18, 2024, Stephen Fitzpatrick, Founder and CEO
of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (the “Company”), demonstrated his further confidence in the Company through the purchase of the
Company’s ordinary shares on the open market. Mr. Fitzpatrick has indicated that he may continue to deepen his investment through
further open market purchases in the future. This follows the $25 million investment the Company received on March 13, 2024 in respect
of a commitment by Mr. Fitzpatrick to provide up to $50 million of funding to the Company in the form of an equity investment, subject
to the terms and conditions of the February 22, 2024 Investment Agreement by and between the Company and Imagination Aero Investments
Limited, a company wholly owned by Mr. Fitzpatrick. Forward-Looking Statements This Report
of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K (the “Form 6-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any express or implied statements contained in this Form 6-K that are not statements of historical
fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding possible open market
share purchases from the Company’s founder, majority owner, and CEO, as well as statements that include the words “expect,”
 “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “project,” “forecast,” “estimate,”
 “may,” “should,” “anticipate,” “will,” “aim,” “potential,” “continue,”
 “is/are likely to” and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements reflect
our current views with respect to future events and are not a guarantee of future performance. Actual outcomes may differ materially from
the information contained in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including, without limitation, the important
factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 14, 2024, as such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company’s
other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly
undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. the Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking
statements contained in this Form 6-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than to the extent required
by applicable law. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The
information included in this Report on Form 6-K is hereby incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statements
on Form F-3 (File No. 333-270756 and File No. 333-275430) (including
any prospectuses forming a part of such registration statements) and to be a part thereof from the date on which this Report on Form 6-K
is filed, to the extent not superseded by documents or reports subsequently filed or furnished. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: March 20, 2024 | By: | /s/ Stuart Simpson
Stuart Simpson
Chief Financial Officer