6-K 1 tm2136028d5_6k.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13A-16 OR 15D-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of January 2022 Commission File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 140-142 Kensington Church Street London, W8 4BN United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F x Form
40-F ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K
in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K
in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K Director Appointment On January 27, 2022, upon recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee (the “Nominating Committee”) of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Vertical Aerospace
Ltd. (the “Company”), the Board appointed Dómhnal Slattery to serve as a director of the Company, effective immediately.
Mr. Slattery has also been appointed to serve as chairman of the Board, succeeding Stephen Fitzpatrick. Mr. Slattery is one of the world’s leading aircraft leasing pioneers
and has over 30 years of experience in the aircraft leasing industry. Since 2010, Mr. Slattery has served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Avolon, a global leader in aircraft leasing and a shareholder of the Company. Mr. Slattery has a track record of establishing and scaling
industry leading leasing businesses, rapidly building market-leading aircraft leasing platform including the successful establishment
of IAMG, RBS Aviation Capital (now SMBC Aviation) and Avolon through three business cycles – from the early 1990’s to today.
Mr. Slattery has received multiple awards that honor his achievement and contribution to the aviation industry, including the award for
 “Outstanding Contribution to the Aviation Industry” at the Aviation Industry Awards and the Lewis L Glucksman Award for Ethical
Leadership for his contribution to aviation, entrepreneurship and the arts from Glucksman Ireland House NYU. Mr. Slattery holds a Bachelor’s
degree from University College Galway and completed the Accelerated Development Program from the London Business School. As of January 27, 2022, Mr. Slattery holds a de minimis stake in the
Company’s securities. On January 27, 2022, the Company issued a press release announcing
Mr. Slattery's appointment, a copy of which is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 to this Report on Form 6-K. Committee Changes On January 27, 2022, upon recommendation of the Nominating
Committee, the Board appointed (i) Gur Kimchi as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board, (ii) Dómhnal Slattery as a
member of the Nominating Committee and to serve as chairperson of the Nominating Committee, succeeding Vincent Casey as a member of
the committee, (iii) Kathy Cassidy as a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”)
and to serve as chairperson of the Compensation Committee, succeeding Stephen Fitzpatrick as a member of the committee, and (iv)
Kathy Cassidy as a member of the Certification Committee of the Board. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press release of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. dated January 27, 2022. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: January 27, 2022 | By: | /s/ Vincent Casey
Vincent Casey
Chief Financial Officer