6-K 1 tm246417d1_6k.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13A-16 OR 15D-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of February 2024 Commission File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) Unit 1 Camwal Court, Chapel Street Bristol BS2 0UW United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F x Form
40-F ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K On February 20, 2024, Vertical Aerospace
Ltd. (the “Company”) announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Vertical Aerospace Group Ltd (“Vertical Aerospace”)
is the recipient of a grant totalling approximately GBP £8.1 million from the UK Government, through the Aerospace Technology Institute
(ATI) grant funding programme, to research, design and develop the Company’s third-generation
propellers and electric vertical take off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft propulsion system. Vertical Aerospace is a member of a consortium
delivering the project, comprising the University of Glasgow, the University of Bristol, Cranfield University and Helitune. This grant is being drawn down in installments over the duration of
the project, which is expected to continue for approximately three years. Receipt of the grant is subject to the terms and conditions
of the award set out in the formal grant offer letter dated February 9, 2024, and signed by all parties as of February 16, 2024, which
include, among others, that the ATI funding will contribute only 50% of Vertical Aerospace’s eligible costs in connection with the
propeller development. Press Release On February 20, 2024, Vertical Aerospace Ltd. issued a press release,
a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. Forward-Looking Statements This Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K (the “Form
6-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any express
or implied statements contained in this Form 6-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements,
including, without limitation, statements regarding the the receipt of anticipated funding and technology development, the design and
manufacture of the VX4, our plans for capital expenditures, our liquidity, growth and profitability strategies, our ability and plans
to raise additional capital to fund our operations and related timing on acceptable terms, or at all, our business strategy and plans
and objectives of management for future operations, including the building and testing of our prototype aircrafts on timelines projected,
certification and the commercialization of the VX4 and our ability to achieve regulatory certification of our aircraft product on any
particular timeline or at all, expectations surrounding pre-orders and commitments, the features and capabilities of the VX4, the transition
towards a net-zero emissions economy, as well as statements that include the words “expect,” “intend,” “plan,”
 “believe,” “project,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “may,” “should,”
 “anticipate,” “will,” “aim,” “potential,” “continue,” “is/are likely
to” and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with
respect to future events and are not a guarantee of future performance. Actual outcomes may differ materially from the information contained
in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including, without limitation, the possibility of the expected grant
funding not being received in whole or in part, including as a result of a failure to enter into necessary agreements with third parties
or the non-fulfilment of other conditions precedent, the early termination of the grant funding programme, failure to adhere to the terms
and conditions applicable to the project, Vertical’s failure to secure sufficient resources to be able to claim the full eligible
amount of the grant funding, and failure to progress the technology development project according to Vertical’s current plans, any
or all of which could result in Vertical receiving less than, or ultimately none of, the anticipated funding described herein; as well
as the important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22, 2023, as such factors may be updated from time to time in
the Company’s other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K speak only as of the date hereof
and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. the Company disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update
or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
other than to the extent required by applicable law. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The information included in this
Report on Form 6-K (excluding Exhibit 99.1) is hereby incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statements
on Form F-3 (File No. 333-270756 and File No. 333-275430) (including any prospectuses forming a part of such registration
statements) and to be a part thereof from the date on which this Report on Form 6-K is filed, to the extent not superseded by documents
or reports subsequently filed or furnished. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press release of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. dated February 20, 2024. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: February 20, 2024 | By: | /s/ Stuart Simpson
Stuart Simpson
Chief Financial Officer