6-K 1 tm2325145d1_6k.htm FORM 6-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO SECTION 13A-16 OR 15D-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of August 2023 Commission
File Number: 001-41169 Vertical Aerospace Ltd. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) Unit 1 Camwal Court, Chapel Street Bristol BS2 0UW United Kingdom (Address of principal executive office) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form
20-F x Form
40-F ¨ INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT ON FORM
6-K On Thursday August 31, 2023, Vertical Aerospace
Ltd. (the “Company”) issued a press release, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto, providing an update on the
prototype aircraft incident which, as previously announced, occurred on August 9, 2023. In particular the Company announced that it had
completed its preliminary internal investigation into the incident, and provided a copy of its report identifying its root cause to the
Air Accidents Investigation Branch. The Company also announced that its Board of Directors had approved the build of an additional prototype
aircraft, including the cost thereof; that it remained funded into the second half of 2024; and that its targeted certification date for
its VX4 aircraft, previously announced as being by the end of 2026, remained unchanged. Forward-Looking Statements This Report of Foreign Private Issuer on Form
6-K (the “Form 6-K”) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995. Any express or implied statements contained in this Form 6-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding the preliminary results of the investigation into the experimental prototype
aircraft flight test incident, the design and manufacture of the VX4, our future results of operations and financial position, our plans
for capital expenditures, our business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including the building and
testing of our prototype aircrafts on timelines projected, certification and the commercialization of the VX4 and our ability to achieve
regulatory certification of our aircraft product on any particular timeline or at all, as well as statements that include the words “expect,”
 “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “project,” “forecast,” “estimate,”
 “may,” “should,” “anticipate,” “will,” “aim,” “potential,” “continue,”
 “is/are likely to” and similar statements of a future or forward-looking nature. Forward-looking statements are neither promises
nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected, including, without limitation the important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Company's
Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 22, 2023, as such factors
may be updated from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Form
6-K speak only as of the date hereof and accordingly undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. the Company disclaims any
obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 6-K, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, other than to the extent required by applicable law. INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE The information included in this
Report on Form 6-K (excluding Exhibit 99.1) is hereby incorporated by reference into the Company’s Registration Statement on
Form F-3 (File No. 333-270756) (including any prospectuses forming a part of such registration statements) and to
be a part thereof from the date on which this Report on Form 6-K is filed, to the extent not superseded by documents or reports subsequently
filed or furnished. EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press release of Vertical Aerospace Ltd. dated August 31, 2023. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Vertical Aerospace Ltd.
Date: August 31, 2023 | By: | /s/ Stephen Fitzpatrick
Stephen Fitzpatrick
Chief Executive Officer