10-K 1 body10k.htm 10K FY2008 10K DOC UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number 0-21221 Microvision, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185th Ave NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $.001 par value | NASDAQ Global Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer x | Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2008 was
approximately $156.3 million (based on the closing price for the registrant's Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global
Market of $2.75 per share). The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of February 17, 2009 was 68,080,000. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in
connection with the registrant's Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 25, 2009 are incorporated herein by
reference into Part III of this report. Microvision, Inc. 2008 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. | Page
Item 1. | Description of Business | **
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | **
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | **
Item 2. | Properties | **
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | **
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | **
Item 4A. | Executive Officers of the Registrant | **
Part II.
Item 5. | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securites | **
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | **
Item 7. | Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | **
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks | **
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | **
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | **
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | **
Item 9B. | Other Information | **
Part III.
Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | **
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | **
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | **
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | **
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | **
Part IV.
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules | **
Signatures | ** PART I Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those
sections. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of
revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development
and cooperative arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of
Microvision, as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words
"anticipate," "could," "believe,"
"estimate," "expect," "goal," "may,"
"plan," "project," "will," and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements include
the following: our ability to obtain financing; market acceptance of our
technologies and products; our financial and technical resources relative to
those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological
change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce our
intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the
ability to obtain additional contract awards and to develop partnership
opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches; the ability to achieve
key technical milestones in key products; and other risk factors identified
below in Item 1A. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are developing miniature display and imaging engines based upon our
integrated photonics module technology platform. Our technology platform
combines two dimensional Micro-Electrical Mechanical system (MEMS) light
scanning technologies, lasers, optics, electronics, and our system controls
expertise into compact display or imaging solutions that we anticipate will lead
to new applications and high-volume products in the consumer and automotive
markets. Historically, we have entered into development agreements with
commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototype and
demonstration units based on our light scanning technologies. In 2006, we announced our strategy to develop and supply a proprietary
display engine called PicoP™. The PicoP display engine enables an
ultra-miniature video projector capable of producing color rich, high resolution,
large images, but is small and low power enough to be embedded directly into
mobile devices, such as cell phones. PicoP-based miniature display engines are
being marketed to potential original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers who
would embed them into a variety of consumer and automotive products. The
primary objective for consumer applications is to provide mobile device users
with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small embedded projector.
Mobile devices may include cell phones, portable media players, PDAs, gaming
consoles, laptop computers, digital cameras, and other consumer electronics
products. These potential products would allow users to watch movies, play
videos, and display images and other data onto a variety of surfaces. The
PicoP display engine, with some modification, could be embedded into a vehicle
or integrated into a portable standalone aftermarket device to create a head-up
display (HUD) that could project point-by-point navigation, critical
operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator.
The PicoP display engine could also be modified to be embedded into a pair of
glasses to provide the mobile user with a see-through or occluded personal
display to view movies, play games or access other content. The development and procurement of intellectual property rights relating to
our technologies is a key aspect of our business strategy. We generate
intellectual property as a result of our ongoing performance on development
contracts and our internal research and development activities. We also have
acquired under license agreements exclusive rights to various technologies. Technology Our bi-directional MEMS scanning mirror is the key component of our
integrated technology platform and is one of our core competencies. Our MEMS
design is a silicon device at the center of which is a tiny mirror. This mirror
is connected to small flexures which allow it to oscillate. The 2D MEMS scanner
oscillates vertically and horizontally to capture (imaging) or reproduce
(display) an image pixel-by-pixel. 2D MEMS scanners are used in our PicoP
display engine that powers Pico Projector Displays, Vehicle Displays, and
Wearable Displays. A 1D MEMS scanner used in our ROV Bar Code Scanner
oscillates along one axis only and is used to capture a bar code image. Our PicoP display engine technology platform includes a MEMS Scanner, laser
light sources, electronics, and optics combined using Microvision's proprietary
system control expertise, gained through years of internal research and
development. Our unique display and imaging engines use a single beam of laser
light and a single small scanning mirror to create a brilliant, full color, high
contrast, uniform display over the entire field of view, from a small and thin
package. We believe that our proprietary light scanning technology offers significant
advantages over traditional display and imaging systems. Depending on the
specific product application, these advantages may include: Small and thin package size Higher brightness and contrast Higher resolution Clear text readability Reduced power requirements Simpler optical design that does not require a focusing lens Lower price at volume Business Strategy Our business strategy is to promote our technology in the form of
integrated and embedded components to leading OEMs for widespread use in display
and imaging product applications, as well as leverage our technology expertise
into our own end-user products. Presently we are focused on the following steps
to implement our business strategy: Target leading OEMs to integrate our PicoP display engines into their
products. We have also worked with original design manufacturers and Tier 1
suppliers to produce advanced prototypes and demonstration units to be used to
market to our partners' OEM customers directly by us or by our partners. Expand and solidify the supply chain architecture to support high volume
manufacturing of the PicoP display engine, its subsystems and its components. Continue to promote awareness of our technology platform to all members of
the value chain. We have been continually in contact with OEMs, original design
manufacturers and mobile content providers to understand the features our PicoP
display engines must have in order to provide desired benefits to all members of
the value chain. We have and will continue to consider this information in
connection with the design and development of our technology platform. Continue rapid advancement of our technology platform and roadmap. Product and Marketing Focus: Pico Projector Displays We are working with partners to develop small projector displays as stand
alone systems or embedded into mobile products. The display industry is calling
this new class of projectors "pico projectors." We believe our PicoP
display engine can meet the size, power and performance requirements to be
embedded into portable hand-held devices including mobile phones or function as
a stand alone accessory device that connects to a mobile video source such as a
personal media player, cell phone or laptop computer. We plan to enter into
agreements with OEMs that will result in production and a distribution of the
PicoP-based products. In January 2009, we demonstrated our pre-production pico projector named SHOW
WX™ at both Macworld in San Francisco and at the Consumer Electronics Show
in Las Vegas. At 118mm long by 60mm wide by 14mm thick, it is about 25% smaller
than the SHOW™ prototype that we unveiled at the 2008 Consumer Electronics
Show. The SHOW WX is a battery operated plug-and-play projector that can
project a full color, WVGA (848 X 480 pixels), DVD quality image with vivid
colors and exceptional contrast. We plan to provide a number of these
pre-production pico projectors to select OEM and carrier partners for evaluation in
the first half of 2009. Initial commercial production is expected to begin in
mid 2009, followed by larger commercial quantities in the
second half of the year. We have entered into an agreement with a high volume
manufacturer that we plan to have build the PicoP display engine and integrate
it into finished products. We are evaluating multiple distribution channels to
bring the first PicoP-based accessory projector to market. Vehicle Displays We believe an automotive head-up display (HUD) improves driver safety by
reducing the distraction of looking away from the road to read information such
as GPS mapping images, audio controls and other automobile instrumentation.
Working independently and with Tier 1 suppliers, we have produced prototypes
that demonstrate our PicoP's ability to project a high-resolution readable image
during day or night onto the windshield of an automobile to provide the driver
with a variety of information related to the car's operation. We believe that
an automotive HUD based on the PicoP display engine offers three distinct
advantages over competing head-up displays: Size - Our prototype display is less than half the size of current
competitive offerings. This smaller form factor can accommodate a wider variety
of vehicle configurations. Contrast Ratio - Our prototype has a contrast ratio an order of magnitude
higher than current competitive offerings. The high contrast ratio allows the
driver to see the display clearly in any ambient lighting conditions. Installation Cost - Our prototype can be electronically customized to match
the unique curvature of a particular automobile's windshield, thereby reducing
installation time and cost. The current competitive offerings must be manually
adjusted to match the curvature of a windshield. We have worked with various Tier 1 automotive suppliers to develop PicoP
enabled HUD prototypes and market them to their OEM customers. We have also
developed a portable full color head-up display demonstrator powered by the
PicoP display engine to showcase the capabilities of the PicoP display engine
for potential use in automobiles, specialty vehicles, trucks, buses and motor
coaches. We expect that our PicoP display engine subsystem could be integrated
by a Tier 1 supplier into their HUD product package for sale to automobile
manufacturers or by a product integrator into an aftermarket product for direct
sale to their customers. Wearable Displays We believe the PicoP display engine can be modified and integrated with a
light-weight optical design to create a full color near-eye wearable display
platform. This wearable display platform could be in the form of ruggedized
helmet mounted display systems or lightweight fashionable eyewear displays.
Wearable displays could be used to provide personal viewing of information that
originates from a mobile device and arrives at the display through a wired or
wireless connection. We believe that wearable displays based on the PicoP
display engine could provide the following advantages over competing wearable
display technologies: See-through performance - See-through eyewear displays enable the wearer to
interact with the real world and their personal mobile services at the same
time. Unlike competing wearable displays, a see-through display does not
obstruct the wearer's vision or reduce their awareness of what is happening
around them. Daylight readability - The high-brightness capability of color eyewear based
on the PicoP display engine enables images to be clearly visible in brightly lit
ambient environments, including direct sunlight. Current LCD-based head worn displays
are difficult to see in bright light environments. Fashion and ergonomics - We are developing thin and lightweight optics that
can be integrated with the PicoP display engine so that our OEM partners can
design wearable displays that match conventional eyewear frames in size and
weight and provide significantly improved ergonomics compared to competing
wearable displays. We are working with the US military and commercial customers to further
develop the optical design and integration of the PicoP display engine for
military applications such as helmet mounted displays and full color see-through
eyewear. We plan to work with OEMs and system integrators to incorporate the
PicoP display engine into integrated solutions for potential military and
commercial customers. In 2008, we entered into contracts with commercial and
government customers to develop high definition (720p) eyewear displays. Bar Code Scanners We currently market our line of ROV hand held bar code scanners and bar code
scanner enabled enterprise solutions. The ROV Scanner incorporates our
proprietary MEMS technology and is designed to accommodate mobile workers who
need simple and affordable data collection solutions on the mobile platforms of
their choosing. The ROV Scanner has lower power consumption and total operating
cost than many competing laser bar code scanners. ROV Scanners are manufactured for
us by a contract manufacturer located in Malaysia. We distribute ROV Scanners
directly to end users through value added resellers, original equipment
manufacturers and phone and internet orders. Go-To-Market Strategy We are evaluating opportunities to widely market our products using a
variety of distribution channels such as establishing partnerships with OEMs and
distributors and establishing infrastructure to support direct marketing through
web-based, retail or other outlets. Our products may carry the Microvision
brand or be branded and distributed by our OEM or distribution partners. Certain potential applications using the PicoP display engines, such as an
automotive HUD or pico projector for mobile phones, could require integration of
our technology with other related technologies. In markets requiring high
volume production of the PicoP display engine components or subsystems that are
to be integrated with other components, we may provide designs for components,
subsystems and systems to OEMs under licensing agreements. We expect that some customers will require unique designs for their products.
We expect that such relationships will generally involve a period of
co-development during which engineering, manufacturing and marketing professionals
from potential customers and OEMs would work with our technical staff to modify
the PicoP display engine for their targeted market and application. We may
charge fees to our customers or OEMs to fund the costs of the engineering effort
incurred on such development projects. The nature of the relationships with
such customers or OEMs may vary from partner to partner depending on the
proposed specifications for the PicoP display engine, the product to be
developed, and the customers' or OEMs' design, manufacturing and distribution
capabilities. We believe that by limiting our own direct manufacturing
investment for products, we will reduce our capital requirements and risks
inherent in taking the PicoP display engine to the consumer market. Human Factors, Ergonomics and Safety As part of our research and development activities, we conduct ongoing
research on safety factors that must be addressed by products incorporating our
technology, including such issues as the maximum permissible laser exposure
limits established by International Electrotechnical Commission
("IEC") and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser
exposure to the eye resulting from use of the light scanning displays under
normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible
exposure level set by IEC. In addition, Microvision works with and commissions outside independent
experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting safety specifications
as requested by our customers. Competitive Conditions The information display industry is highly competitive. Our potential
display products will compete with established manufacturers of mature display
technologies such as miniaturized cathode ray tube and flat panel display
devices, as well as companies developing new display technologies. Our
competitors include companies such as Texas Instruments Incorporated, 3M, and
Light Blue Optics Ltd. in the pico projection display segment and Siemens VDO
and Nippon Seiki in the vehicle displays segment, most of which have much
greater financial, technical and other resources than we do. Many of our
competitors are developing alternative miniature display technologies. Our
competitors may succeed in developing information display technologies and
products that could render our technology or our proposed products commercially
infeasible or technologically obsolete. Pico projectors are an emerging class of miniature projectors that are
generally handheld, battery operated, mobile projectors. Most of the competing
projectors currently on the market or planned for introduction in the next 6-12
months are primarily based on either liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) panel
solutions or Texas Instruments' DLP™ display technology. Each of these
solutions can create images from a small form factor of varying resolution,
brightness, image quality, battery life, and ease of use. The information display industry has been characterized by rapid and
significant technological advances. Our technology and potential products may
not remain competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds
to invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our
technology platform and proposed display products could deliver images of a
substantially better quality and resolution from a smaller form factor device
than those of commercially available miniaturized liquid crystal displays and
cathode ray tube based display products, manufacturers of liquid crystal
displays and cathode ray tubes may develop further improvements of screen
display technology that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated advantages of
our proposed products. We compete with other companies in the display industry and other
technologies for government funding. In general, our government customers plan
to integrate our technology into larger systems. Ongoing contracts are awarded
based on our past performance on government contracts, the customer's progress
in integrating our technology into the customer's overall program objectives,
and the status of the customer's overall program. The image capture industry is also highly competitive. Our current and
planned bar code products will compete with existing laser and wand-type
scanners produced by established bar code companies. Our current products
compete on the basis of price and performance. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We generate intellectual property as a result of our ongoing performance on
development contracts and our internal research and development activities. The
inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to component
miniaturization, specific implementation of various system components and design
elements to facilitate mass production. We consider protection of these key
enabling technologies and components to be a fundamental aspect of our strategy
to penetrate diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to
continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented technologies at
the system, component and process levels. Since our inception in 1993, we have acquired under license agreements
exclusive rights to various technologies, including, among others, rights
related to the ability to superimpose images on the user's field of view and
with a retinal display, and rights related to the design and fabrication of
micro miniature devices using semiconductor fabrication techniques. In some
cases, the licensors have retained limited, non-commercial rights with respect
to the technology, including the right to use the technology for non-commercial
research and for instructional purposes. Some licensors have the right to
consent to our sublicensing arrangements and to the prosecution and settlement
by us of our of infringement disputes. Our ability to compete effectively in the display and image capture market
will depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of the licensors to
maintain the proprietary nature of these technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in
these areas, we require all employees and, where appropriate, contractors,
consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and
non-compete agreements. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements
will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation
or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Among the marks we have registered are "MicroHud" and the
"tri-curve" logo with the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
We have filed for registration of various other marks including
"PicoP" and "ROV" with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office. Additional Information We perform research and development to design and develop our technology
platform and modifications to the PicoP display engine that will be required for
specific applications. Research and development expense for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $22.6 million, $14.9 million,
and $10.7 million, respectively. Substantially all of our revenue has been
generated from development contracts to develop the light scanning technology to
meet customer specifications. Our customers have included both the United
States government and commercial enterprises. In 2008, 34% of revenue was
derived from performance on development contracts with the United States
government, 40% from performance on development contracts with commercial
customers and the remainder from sales of ROV and Flic units. Two commercial
customers accounted for 15% and 11%, respectively, of total revenue in 2008. In
2007, 61% of revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with
the United States government, 25% from performance on development contracts with
commercial customers and the remainder from sales of ROV, Flic and Nomad units.
One commercial customer accounted for approximately 15% of total revenue during
2007. In 2006, 51% of revenue was derived from performance on development
contracts with the United States government, 24% from performance on development
contracts with commercial customers and the remainder from sales of Flic and
Nomad units. One commercial customer accounted for approximately 11% of total
revenue during 2006. Our contracts with the United States government can be
terminated for convenience by the United States government at any time. See
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. We had a backlog of $1.2 million at December 31, 2008 compared to a backlog
of $4.1 million at December 31, 2007. The backlog at December 31, 2008, is
composed of $714,000 in government development contracts and $228,000 in
commercial development contracts entered into through December 31, 2008 and
$276,000 in orders for ROV. Microvision plans to complete all of the backlog
contracts by the end of 2009. Employees As of February 17, 2009, we had 165 employees. Further Information Microvision was founded in 1993 as a Washington corporation and
reincorporated in 2003 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our principal
office is located at 6222 185 th Avenue NE, Redmond WA 98052 and our
telephone number is 425-936-6847. Our Internet address is www.microvision.com. We make available free of
charge our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
furnish it to, the SEC. Investors can access this material by visiting our
website, clicking on "Investors" and then on "SEC Filings." ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Relating to the Microvision Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant
losses in the future. We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you
that we will ever become or remain profitable. As of December 31, 2008, we had an accumulated deficit of $292.0 million. We incurred consolidated net losses of $215.6 million from inception through
2005, $24.0 million in 2006, $19.8 million in 2007, and $32.6 million in
2008. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses,
difficulties and delays frequently encountered by companies formed to develop
and market new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused
primarily on research and development of our technology platform and development
of demonstration units. We are unable to accurately estimate future revenues
and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development
contracts or that we will be able to obtain substantial customer orders for our
products. In light of these factors, we expect to continue to incur substantial
losses and negative cash flow at least through 2009 and likely thereafter. We
cannot be certain that we will achieve positive cash flow at any time in the
future. We will require additional capital to fund our operations
and to implement our business plan. If we do not obtain additional capital, we
may be required to curtail our operations substantially. Raising additional
capital may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. Our operating plan for 2009 includes the launch of our first accessory
product, further development of the PicoP display engine for embedded
applications and further development of automotive HUD and eyewear applications.
In order to fully fund our product launch and our other development efforts, we
will require additional capital in 2009. We plan to obtain additional cash
through the issuance of equity or debt securities. We will require additional
capital in the future to fund our operations, including to: Further develop the technology platform and PicoP display engine, Develop and protect our intellectual property rights, and Fund long-term marketing and business development opportunities. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not
limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through arrangements with
original equipment manufacturers, introduce products incorporating the PicoP
display engine and image capture technologies and the market acceptance and
competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than we anticipate,
if the level and mix of revenues vary from anticipated amounts and allocations
or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital
earlier than expected to further the development of our technologies, for
expenses associated with product development, and to respond to competitive
pressures or to meet unanticipated development difficulties. In addition, our
operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with
systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by
us. Additional capital may not be available to us, or if available, on terms
acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional capital may involve
issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common
stock and may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not
available in the next several months to fully implement our plan we will begin to
reduce the scope of our business to extend our operations as we pursue other financing
opportunities and business relationships. This reduction in scope could include
delaying product launch and projects resulting in reductions in staff and operating costs
as well as reductions in capital expenditures and investment in research and
development. With these adjustments to our operating plan, we believe we
currently have sufficient cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities to
fund operations through at least February 28, 2010. If we cannot manufacture products at competitive prices, our financial
results will be adversely affected. We are currently negotiating component pricing with suppliers for our future
products. The cost per unit for PicoP based accessory projectors currently
exceeds the level at which we could expect to profitably sell these products.
If we cannot lower our cost of production, we may face increased demands on our
financial resources, possibly requiring additional equity and/or debt financing
to sustain our business operations. We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating
our PicoP display engine will achieve market acceptance. If products
incorporating the PicoP display engine do not achieve market acceptance, our
revenues may not grow. Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of the PicoP display
engine. The PicoP display engine may not be accepted by manufacturers who use
display technologies in their products, by systems integrators who incorporate
our products into their products or by end users of these products. To be
accepted, the PicoP display engine must meet the expectations of our potential
customers in the consumer, defense, industrial, and medical markets. If our
technology fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to continue to
develop our technology platform. Our planned future products are dependent on advances in technology by
other companies. We rely on and will continue to rely on technologies, such as light sources,
MEMS and optical components that are developed and produced by other companies.
The commercial success of certain of our planned future products will depend in
part on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may,
from time to time, contract with and support companies developing key
technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for our specific
uses. There are no guarantees that such activities will result in useful
technologies or components for us. It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market. Our common stock is listed for quotation on The NASDAQ Global Market. To
keep our listing on this market, we must meet NASDAQ's listing maintenance
standards. If we are unable to continue to meet NASDAQ's listing maintenance
standards, our common stock could be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Market. If
our common stock were delisted, we likely would seek to list the common stock on
the NASDAQ Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange or on a regional stock
exchange. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity
for our common stock. If our common stock were not listed on the Capital Market
or an exchange, trading of our common stock would be conducted in the over-the-
counter market on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted
securities or directly through market makers in our common stock. If our common
stock were to trade in the over-the-counter market, an investor would find it
more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of,
the common stock. A delisting from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to
obtain listing on such other market or exchange would subject our securities to
so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and
market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such
securities. Consequently, removal from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to
obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or
willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and
the ability of purchasers of our common stock to sell their securities in the
secondary market. In addition, when the market price of our common stock is
less than $5.00 per share, we become subject to penny stock rules even if our
common stock is still listed on The NASDAQ Global Market. While the penny stock
rules should not affect the quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global
Market, these rules may further limit the market liquidity of our common stock
and the ability of investors to sell our common stock in the secondary market.
The market price of our stock has mostly traded below $5.00 per share during
2008, 2007, and 2006. On February 17, 2009, the closing price of our stock was
$1.34. Our lack of the financial and technical resources relative to our
competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market share or
value. Our current products and potential future products will compete with
established manufacturers of existing products and companies developing new
technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial,
technical and other resources than we have. Because of their greater resources,
our competitors may develop products or technologies that are superior to our
own. The introduction of superior competing products or technologies could
result in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which
could reduce the value of our business. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our
financial results may suffer. The information display industry has been characterized by rapidly changing
technology, accelerated product obsolescence and continuously evolving industry
standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our
technology platform and to cost effectively introduce new products and features
in a timely manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with
competitors' product advances. We may not succeed in these efforts because of: delays in product development, lack of market acceptance for our products, or lack of funds to invest in product development and marketing. The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased
revenues, market share and value. We could face lawsuits related to our use of the PicoP display engine or
other technologies. Defending these suits would be costly and time consuming.
An adverse outcome in any such matter could limit our ability to commercialize
our technology and products, reduce our revenues and increase our operating
expenses. We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain
aspects of light scanning displays and image capture products. These patents
could be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our
ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents or patents
we have licensed. A successful challenge to the validity of our patents or
patents we have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology
and the PicoP display engine and, consequently, materially reduce our revenues.
Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will
not claim infringement by us with respect to current and future technology.
Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also
possible that presently pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with
claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense
and prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time consuming, even if the
outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse outcome in the defense of a
patent suit could subject us to significant cost, to require others and us to
cease selling products that incorporate the PicoP display engine, to cease
licensing our technology or to require disputed rights to be licensed from third
parties. Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses.
Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our future
co-development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek
indemnification from us for damages or expenses they incur. Our products may be subject to future health and safety regulations that
could increase our development and production costs. Products incorporating the PicoP display engine could become subject to new
health and safety regulations that would reduce our ability to commercialize the
PicoP display engine. Compliance with any such new regulations would likely
increase our cost to develop and produce products using the PicoP display engine
and adversely affect our financial results. Our dependence on sales to distributors increases the risks of managing
our supply chain and may result in excess inventory or inventory shortages. Currently, the majority of our distributor relationships for the ROV Scanner
and its accessories involve the distributor taking inventory positions and
reselling to multiple customers. With these distributor relationships, we do
not recognize revenue until the distributors sell the product through to their
end user customers. Our distributor relationships reduce our ability to
forecast sales and increases risks to our business. Since our distributors act
as intermediaries between us and the end user customers, we must rely on our
distributors to accurately report inventory levels and production forecasts.
This requires us to manage a more complex supply chain and monitor the financial
condition and credit worthiness of our distributors and the end user customers.
Our failure to manage one or more of these risks could result in excess
inventory or shortages that could adversely impact our operating results and
financial condition. We do not have long-term commitments from our ROV customers, and plan
purchases based upon our estimates of customer demand, which may require us to
contract for the manufacture of our products based on inaccurate estimates. Our ROV sales are made on the basis of purchase orders rather than long-term
commitments. Our customers may cancel or defer purchases at any time. This
requires us to forecast demand based upon assumptions that may not be correct.
If our customers or we overestimate demand, we may create inventory that we may
not be able to sell or use, resulting in excess inventory, which could become
obsolete or negatively affect our operating results. Conversely, if our
customers or we underestimate demand, or if sufficient manufacturing capacity is
not available, we may lose revenue opportunities, damage customer relationships
and we may not achieve expected revenues. Our future growth will suffer if we do not achieve sufficient market
acceptance of our products to compete effectively. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to gain acceptance of our
current and future products by a large number of customers. Achieving market
acceptance for our products will require marketing efforts and the expenditure
of financial and other resources to create product awareness and demand by
potential customers. We may be unable to offer products consistently, or at
all, that compete effectively with products of others on the basis of price or
performance. Failure to achieve broad acceptance of our products by potential
customers and to effectively compete would have a material adverse effect on our
operating results. Our operating results may be adversely
impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific
conditions in the markets we address. In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have
experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about
inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced
corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions. Any
continuation or worsening of the current global economic and
financial conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to raise, or
the cost of, needed capital and could materially adversely affect our ability to
commercialize products. We cannot predict the
timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic
recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our
operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other
factors in foreign countries. We currently use a contract manufacturer in Asia to manufacture our ROV
product, and we plan to use foreign manufacturers to manufacture future
products, where appropriate. These international operations are subject to
inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including: political and economic instability; high levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in
Asia; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; foreign taxes; changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and changes or volatility in currency exchange rates. If we have to qualify a new contract manufacturer or foundry for our
products, we may experience delays that result in lost revenues and damaged
customer relationships. We rely on single suppliers to manufacture our ROV Scanner product and our
MEMS chips in wafer form. The lead time required to establish a relationship
with a new contract manufacturer or foundry is long, and it takes time to adapt
a product's design to a particular manufacturer's processes. Accordingly, there
is no readily available alternative source of supply for these products and
components in high volumes. This could cause significant delays in shipping
products if we have to change our source of supply and manufacture quickly,
which may result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. If we experience delays or failures in developing commercially viable
products, we may have lower revenues. We have developed demonstration units incorporating the PicoP display engine.
However, we must undertake additional research, development and testing before
we are able to develop additional products for commercial sale. Product
development delays by us or our potential product development partners, or the
inability to enter into relationships with these partners, may delay or prevent
us from introducing products for commercial sale. We intend to rely on third
party developments or to contract with other companies to continue development
of green laser devices we will need for our products. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant
third party manufacturing resources. We are developing our capability to manufacture products in commercial
quantities. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to provide our
components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive prices.
Accordingly, we will be required to obtain access, through business partners or
contract manufacturers, to manufacturing capacity and processes for the
commercial production of our expected future products. We cannot be certain
that we will successfully obtain access to sufficient manufacturing resources.
Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers could result in a limitation
on the number of products incorporating our technology that we are able to
produce. If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual
property protection for our products and technology, we may be unable to compete
with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products is important and uncertain.
If we do not obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products,
processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our
commercial success will depend in part on our ability and the ability of the
University of Washington and our other licensors to maintain the proprietary
nature of the PicoP display and other key technologies by securing valid and
enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade
secrets. We try to protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain
United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third-party
patents, related to proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that
may be important to the development of our business. However, our patent
position and the patent position of the University of Washington and other
licensors involve complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the
United States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to
grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can change.
Additionally, the scope of patents are subject to interpretation by courts and
their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges
and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be
certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new
products and technology or the extent to which the patents that we already own
or license from others protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope
of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability
to obtain new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that
compete with ours on the basis of the same or similar technology. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and
technology to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect this
know-how and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our
employees, contractors and partners with a need to know such information and by
entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it,
such as our employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties
could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential
information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other
way. If any trade secret not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or
independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be
materially harmed. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be
time-consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely affect our
ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We may be subject to product liability claims if any of our product
applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects. For example,
because some of our PicoP displays are designed to scan a low power beam of
colored light into the user's eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale
of these products involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be
asserted against us. Product liability claims or other claims related to our
products, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant
time and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us
to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance of our
products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining
adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or
reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an
acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability
claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. We rely heavily on a limited number of development contracts with the U.S.
government, which are subject to immediate termination by the government for
convenience at any time, and the termination of one or more of these contracts
could have a material adverse impact on our operations. During the full years 2008, 2007, and 2006, 34%, 61%, and 51% respectively,
of our revenue was derived from performance on a limited number of development
contracts with the U.S. government. Therefore, any significant disruption or
deterioration of our relationship with the U.S. government would significantly
reduce our revenues. Our government programs must compete with programs managed
by other contractors for limited amounts and uncertain levels of funding. The
total amount and levels of funding are susceptible to significant fluctuations
on a year-to-year basis. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to
expand their business relationships with the government and are likely to
continue these efforts in the future. Our contracts with the government are
subject to immediate termination by the government for convenience at any time.
The government may choose to use contractors with competing display technologies
or it may decide to discontinue any of our programs altogether. In addition,
those development contracts that we do obtain require ongoing compliance with
applicable government regulations. Termination of our development contracts, a
shift in government spending to other programs in which we are not involved, a
reduction in government spending generally, or our failure to meet applicable
government regulations could have severe consequences for our results of
operations. Our development agreements have long sales cycles, which make it difficult
to plan our expenses and forecast our revenues. Our development agreements have lengthy sales cycles that involve numerous
steps including determination of a product application, exploring the technical
feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a
product and manufacturing or contracting out the manufacturing of the product.
Our long sales cycle, which can last several years, makes it difficult to
predict the quarter in which contract signing and revenue recognition will
occur. Delays in entering into development agreements could cause significant
variability in our revenues and operating results for any particular quarterly
period. Our development contracts may not lead to products that will be
profitable. Our development contracts, including without limitation those discussed in
this document are exploratory in nature and are intended to develop new types of
products for new applications. These efforts may prove unsuccessful and these
relationships may not result in the development of products that will be
profitable. Our revenues are highly sensitive to developments in the defense
industry. Our revenues to date have been derived principally from product development
research relating to defense applications of our technology. We believe that
development programs and sales of potential products in this market will
represent a significant portion of our future revenues, until such time when we
can derive a higher percentage of our revenues from the sale of our commercial
products. Developments that adversely affect the defense sector, including
delays in government funding and a general economic downturn, could cause our
revenues to decline substantially. If we lose our rights under our third party technology licenses, our
operations will be adversely affected. Our business depends in part on technology rights licensed from third
parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights to use the technology
under our licenses if we fail to comply with the terms and performance
requirements of the licenses. In addition, certain licensors may terminate a
license upon our breach and have the right to consent to sublicense
arrangements. If we were to lose our rights under any of these licenses, or if
we were unable to obtain required consents to future sublicenses, we would lose
a competitive advantage in the market, and may even lose the ability to
commercialize our products completely. Either of these results could
substantially decrease our revenues. We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell
and market our products. Our strategy for commercializing our technology and products incorporating
the PicoP display engine includes entering into cooperative development,
manufacturing, sales and marketing arrangements with corporate partners,
original equipment manufacturers and other third parties. We cannot be certain
that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all,
or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable
products. If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require
additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require
extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing expertise that we do not currently
possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter
significant delays in introducing the PicoP display engine or find that the
development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating the PicoP display
engine would not be feasible. To the extent that we enter into cooperative
development, sales and marketing or other joint venture arrangements, our
revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We cannot be
certain that any such arrangements will be successful. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the
operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on
the ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel. Achievement of our
business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas
of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing.
Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and the
inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss
of key personnel, could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our
business. We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our
quarterly performance may vary substantially and this variance, as well as
general market conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and
potentially expose us to litigation. Our revenues to date have been generated primarily from a limited number of
development contracts with U.S. government entities and commercial partners.
Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly based on: reductions or delays in funding of development programs involving new
information display technologies by the U.S. government or our current or
prospective commercial partners; changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts
following our stock or our industry generally; announcements by other companies in our industry; changes in business or regulatory conditions; announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological
innovations or new products; the status of particular development programs and the timing of performance
under specific development agreements; economic and stock market conditions; or other factors unrelated to our company or industry. In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the
expectations of securities analysts and investors and the trading price of our
common stock may decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of
volatility in the market price of a company's securities, shareholders often
have instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we
become involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of
management, and, if adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial
damages. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could
be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products and implement our business plan in
a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and management process.
The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties
has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management
systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial and
managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and will need to continue
to train and manage our work force. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently lease approximately 67,000 square feet of combined use office,
laboratory and manufacturing space at our headquarters facility in Redmond,
Washington. The 90 month lease expires in 2013. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We have sued our former CEO and President Richard Rutkowski and his spouse to
collect $1,733,000 in outstanding loans from the Company that were due in
January 2007 and remain unpaid. Counterclaims were filed by Mr. Rutkowski and
his spouse, seeking to recover damages in an amount in excess of $15,000,000.
We believe these claims are without merit and intend to defend them vigorously.
However, an adverse outcome could have a material adverse affect on our
financial condition. We are subject to various other claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in
the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any other legal
proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS There were no matters submitted to a vote of shareholders during the fourth
quarter of the year ending December 31, 2008. ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office
until their successors are elected and duly qualified. Mr. Tokman also serves
as a director of Microvision. The following persons serve as executive officers
of Microvision: Alexander Tokman, age 47, has served as President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director of Microvision since January 2006. Mr. Tokman served as
Microvision's President and Chief Operating Officer from July 2005 to January
2006. Mr. Tokman, a former GE executive, joined Microvision after a 10-year
tenure at GE Healthcare, a subsidiary of General Electric, where he led several
global businesses, most recently as General Manager of its Global Molecular
Imaging and Radiopharmacy multi-technology business unit from 2003 to 2005.
Prior to that, between 1995 and 2003, Mr. Tokman served in various
cross-functional and cross-business leadership roles at GE where he led the definition
and commercialization of several medical modalities product segments including
PET/CT, which added over $500 million of revenue growth to the company within
the first three years of its commercial introduction. Mr. Tokman is a certified
Six Sigma and Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) Black Belt and Master Black Belt and
as one of GE's Six Sigma pioneers, he drove the quality culture change across GE
Healthcare in the late 1990s. From November 1989 to March 1995 Mr. Tokman served
as technical programs lead and a head of I&RD at Tracor Applied Sciences a
subsidiary of then Tracor, Inc. Mr. Tokman has both an M.S. and B.S. in
Electrical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts, Dartmouth. Ian D. Brown, age 46, has served as Vice President, Sales and Marketing of
Microvision since February 2006. Prior to joining Microvision, from March 1994
to February 2006, Mr. Brown served in various Sales and Marketing positions with
General Electric Healthcare, Americas. Most recently, from April 2004 to
February 2006, Mr. Brown served as the Sales and Marketing Manager--Nuclear
Medicine. From April 1989 to March 1994 Mr. Brown served as Technical
Author--Nuclear Medicine Operator Documentation with IGE Medical Systems, Radlett, UK.
Mr. Brown holds Ordinary & Higher National Certificates in Medical Physics
& Physiological Measurements from Paddington College, London, Post Graduate
Diploma in Management studies, University of Hertfordshire. He also holds a Six
Sigma Black Belt. Sid Madhavan, age 42, joined Microvision in April 2006 as Vice President of
Research and Product Development. Madhavan, who worked for GE Healthcare from
1998 to 2006 where he held various management positions and most recently served
as an Engineering Subsystem Manager for a $2.1 billion Molecular Imaging and
Computer Tomography business, is a certified Six Sigma Black Belt and brings
over fifteen years of engineering product development and global management
experience. Mr. Madhavan received his B.S. degree in Electronics and
Communications from Madurai Kamaraj University in India and his M.S. in
Electrical Engineering from Texas A&M. Thomas M. Walker, age 44, joined Microvision in May 2002 and serves as Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary. Prior to joining Microvision, Mr.
Walker served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of
Advanced Radio Telecom Corp., a publicly held technology and services company
where he managed domestic and international legal affairs from April 1996 to
April 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Walker advised publicly and privately held
businesses while practicing in the Los Angeles offices of the law firms of
Pillsbury Winthrop and Buchalter, Nemer Fields and Younger. Mr. Walker holds a
B.A. from Claremont McKenna College and a J.D. from the University of Oregon. Jeff T. Wilson, age 48, has served as Chief Financial Officer since April
2006, Principal Financial Officer since January 2006 and Principal Accounting
Officer of Microvision since August 1999. Mr. Wilson served as Vice President,
Accounting of Microvision from April 2002 to April 2006 and as Director of
Accounting of Microvision from August 1999 to March 2002. Prior to joining
Microvision, from 1991 to 1999, Mr. Wilson served in various accounting
positions for Siemens Medical Systems, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of
medical imaging equipment. Prior to 1991, Mr. Wilson served as a manager with
the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Wilson is a Certified
Public Accountant. Mr. Wilson holds a B.S. in Accounting from Oklahoma State
University. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol
"MVIS." As of February 17, 2009, there were approximately 375 holders
of record of 68,080,000 shares of common stock outstanding. We have never
declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate
that we will retain all future earnings to fund the operations of our business
and do not anticipate paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable
future. Our common stock began trading publicly on August 27, 1996. The quarterly
high and low sales prices of the Company's common stock for each full quarterly
period in the last two fiscal years and the year to date as reported by The
NASDAQ Global Market are as follows: Common Stock
 --------------------
Quarter Ended HIGH LOW
 --------- --------- 2007 March 31, 2007 $ 4.08 $ 2.98
June 30, 2007 5.90 3.62
September 30, 2007 6.08 4.40
December 31, 2007 4.75 3.83 2008 March 31, 2008 $ 4.65 $ 1.82
June 30, 2008 4.05 2.35
September 30, 2008 3.16 1.85
December 31, 2008 2.20 1.06 2009 January 1, 2009 to February 17, 2009 $ 2.20 $ 1.33 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA A summary of selected financial data as of and for the five years ended
December 31, 2008 is set forth below. It should be read in conjunction with our
consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this
Form 10-K. Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- (in thousands, except per share data) Statement of Operations Data: Revenue $ 6,611 $ 10,484 $ 7,043 $ 14,746 $ 11,418
Net loss available for common shareholders (32,620) (19,787) (27,257) (30,284) (33,543)
Basic and diluted net loss per share (0.53) (0.40) (0.81) (1.35) (1.56)
Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 61,643 49,963 33,572 22,498 21,493 Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 25,533 $ 13,399 $ 14,552 $ 6,860 $ 1,268
Investments available-for-sale 2,705 22,411 -- -- --
Working capital 24,347 30,043 19,160 (4,723) 903
Total assets 36,964 45,298 35,325 23,363 25,538
Long-term liabilities 1,776 2,201 2,616 4,412 52
Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock -- -- -- 4,166 7,647
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) 27,651 33,061 21,864 (3,509) 7,190 Statement of Operations data for 2004 includes financial information for our
previously consolidated subsidiary Lumera. Lumera was deconsolidated in July
2004. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are developing miniature display and imaging engines based upon our
technology platform. Our technology platform utilizes our expertise in two
dimensional Micro-Electrical Mechanical systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and
electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a small form
factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. In 2006, we announced our strategy to develop and supply a proprietary
display engine called PicoP to potential original equipment manufacturing (OEM)
customers who will embed them into a variety of consumer and automotive
products. The primary objective for consumer applications is to provide users of
mobile devices with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small
embedded projector. Mobile devices may include cell phones, PDA's, gaming
consoles and other consumer electronics products. These potential products would
allow users to watch movies, play videos, display images, and other data onto a
variety of surfaces. The PicoP with some modification could be embedded into the
dashboard of an automobile or an airplane or integrated into a portable
aftermarket device to create a head-up display (HUD) that could project
point-by-point navigation, critical operational, safety and other information
important to the driver or pilot. The PicoP could be further modified to be
embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with a see-through or
occluded personal display to view movies, play games or access other content. We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a
substantial loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2009. Key Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent
liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those
related to revenue recognition, contract losses, bad debts, investments and
contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience,
terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the display and image
capture industries, information provided by our current and prospective
customers and strategic partners, information available from other outside
sources, and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We believe the following key accounting policies require more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial
statements: Revenue Recognition. We recognize contract revenue as work progresses
on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the
percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total expected
contract revenue and costs. Our revenue contracts generally include a statement
of the work we are to complete and the total fee we will earn from the contract.
When we begin work on the contract and at the end of each accounting period, we
work with the members of our technical team to estimate the labor and material
and other cost required to complete the statement of work compared to cost
incurred to date. We use information provided by project mangers, vendors,
outside consultants and others as we deem necessary to develop our cost
estimates. Since our contracts generally require some level of technology
development to complete, the actual cost required to complete a statement of
work can vary from our estimated cost to complete. We have developed processes
that allow us to make reasonable estimates of the cost to complete a contract.
Historically, we have made only immaterial revisions in the estimates to
complete the contract at each reporting period. Recognized revenues are subject
to revisions as the contract progresses to completion and actual revenue and
cost become certain. Revisions in revenue estimates are reflected in the period
in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. In the future,
revisions in these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in
any one reporting period. If the U.S. government cancels a contract, we would
receive payment for work performed and costs committed to prior to the
cancellation. Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions. We recognize
revenue for product shipments upon acceptance of the product by the customer or
expiration of the contractual acceptance period. Losses on Uncompleted Contracts. We establish an allowance for
estimated losses if a contract has an estimated cost to complete that is in
excess of the remaining contract value. The entire estimated loss is recorded
in the period in which the loss is first determined. We determine the estimated
cost to complete a contract through a detailed review of the work to be
completed, the resources available to complete the work and the technical
difficulty of the remaining work. If the revised estimated cost to complete the
contract is higher than the total contract revenue, the entire contract loss is
recognized. The actual cost to complete a contract can vary significantly from
the estimated cost, due to a variety of factors including availability of
technical staff, availability of materials and technical difficulties that arise
during a project. Most of our development contracts are cost plus fixed fee
type contracts. Under these types of contracts, we are not required to spend
more than the contract value to complete the contracted work. Allowance for uncollectible receivables. We maintain allowances for
uncollectible receivables, including accounts receivable, cost and estimated
earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts and receivables from
related parties. We review several factors in determining the allowances
including the customer's and related party's past payment history and financial
condition. If the financial condition of our customers or the related parties
with whom we have receivables were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of
their ability to make payments, additional allowances could be required. Inventory. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market with
cost determined on a weighted average cost basis. We review several factors in
determining the market value of our inventory including evaluating the
replacement cost of the raw materials and the net realizable value of the
finished goods. If we do not achieve our targeted sales prices, if market
conditions for our components or products were to decline or if we do not
achieve our sales forecast, additional reductions in the carrying value of the
inventory would be required. Investments Available-For-Sale and Fair Value Measurements. We account
for investment securities in accordance with the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") No. 115, Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities ("FAS 115") and FAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements ("FAS 157"). FAS
115 addresses the accounting and reporting for investments in equity securities
that have readily determinable fair values and for investments in debt
securities. FAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. Adopting FAS
157 on January 1, 2008 for financial assets and liabilities did not have a
material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. FAS 157 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in its principal or most advantageous
market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. FAS 157 establishes a three level fair value inputs hierarchy, and
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable valuation inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We utilize market data, assumptions
and risks we believe market participants would use in measuring the fair value
of the asset or liability, including the risks inherent in the inputs and the
valuation techniques. The hierarchy is summarized below. Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities Level 2 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in markets that are not sufficiently active to qualify as level 1
or, other observable inputs Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data,
which requires us to develop our own assumptions, which are significant to the
measurement of the fair values Estimating valuation inputs and selecting and applying valuation methods may
require significant judgments by management. Changes in the estimated inputs
and valuation methods could result in materially different values, credits and
charges presented in the consolidated financial statements. The investments are stated at fair value and classified as cash and cash
equivalents or current investment securities available-for-sale on the
consolidated balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses included in the
consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. We classify investment
securities available-for-sale purchased with 90 days or less remaining until
contractual maturity as cash equivalents on the balance sheet in "Cash and
cash equivalents." Interest income, realized gains and losses, and other-
than-temporary impairments are recognized in the period earned or incurred, and
presented separately in the consolidated statements of operations. Changes in
the fair values of derivatives are realized in the period of remeasurement and
recorded in "Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net" in the
consolidated statements of operations. The cost of securities sold is based on
the specific identification method. Employee Share-Based Compensation. We issue share-based compensation to
employees in the form of options exercisable into our common stock and
restricted or unrestricted shares of our common stock. We account for employee
share-based compensation under the guidance provided by Financial Accounting
Standards Board ("FASB") Statement No. 123(R), Share-Based Payment ("FAS123(R)"). The value of equity shares is determined using the
fair value method, which is based on the number of shares granted and the
closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of
grant. The value of options is determined using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with estimates of option lives, stock price volatilities and
interest rates, then expensed over the periods of service allowing for pre-vest
forfeitures. This widely accepted method results in reasonable option values
and interperiod expense allocation, and comparability across companies. Changes
in the estimated inputs or using other option valuation methods could result in
materially different option values and share-based compensation expense. The key accounting policies described above are not intended to be a
comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the
accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by
generally accepted accounting principles, with no need for us to apply judgment
or make estimates. There are also areas in which our judgment in selecting any
available alternative would not produce a materially different result to our
consolidated financial statements. Additional information about our accounting
policies, and other disclosures required by generally accepted accounting
principles, are set forth in the notes to our consolidated financial
statements. Inflation has not had a material impact on our revenues, or income from
continuing operations over the three most recent fiscal years. Results of Operations YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Government revenue $ 2,237 45.9 $ 6,430 71.4 $ (4,193) (65.2)
Commercial revenue 2,637 54.1 2,580 28.6 57 2.2
 --------- --------- ---------
Total contract revenue $ 4,874 $ 9,010 $ (4,136) (45.9)
 ========= ========= ========= We earn contract revenue from performance on development contracts with the
United States government and commercial customers. Our contract revenue in a
particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of
the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical resources
to perform work on the contracts. Contract revenue from government contracts was substantially lower during
2008 than in 2007 due to reduced contract activity and lower beginning backlog
in 2008 compared to the previous year. We expect that we will have fewer
opportunities to enter into new development contracts as we move closer to the
commercialization of products based on our PicoP display engine. As long as most of our revenue is earned from performance on development
contracts, we believe there may be a high degree of variability in revenue from
one period to another. In December 2007, we entered into a $1 million contract with a commercial
customer to develop prototype units based on our PicoP technology, for
evaluation of future consumer electronics product applications. The development
work under this contract was initiated and fully completed in 2008. Our backlog of development contracts at December 31, 2008 was $714,000 in
government contracts and $228,000 in commercial contracts compared to $2.0
million in government contracts and $1.8 million in commercial contracts at
December 31, 2007. The decrease in backlog from 2007 is primarily attributed to
completion of government and commercial development contracts in 2007 and early
2008. We plan to complete the entire contract backlog during 2009. Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Bar code revenue $ 1,737 100.0 $ 1,393 94.5 $ 344 24.7
Nomad revenue 0 0.0 81 5.5 (81) (100.0)
 --------- --------- ---------
Total product revenue $ 1,737 $ 1,474 $ 263 17.8
 ========= ========= ========= Bar code revenue includes the sales of ROV and our discontinued Flic bar code
scanners. The increase in bar code revenue for the year ended December 31, 2008
compared to the same period in 2007 was due to the increased sales of our ROV
product line. Our quarterly revenue may vary substantially due to the timing of product
orders from customers, production constraints and raw material availability. The backlog of product orders at December 31, 2008 was approximately
$276,000, compared to $245,000 at December 31, 2007, all of which is scheduled
for delivery during 2009. Cost of Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of contract revenue $ 1,708 35.0 $ 4,916 54.6 $ (3,208) (65.3) Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect
costs of performing on development contracts. Direct costs include labor,
materials and other costs incurred directly in performing on a contract.
Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating our
research and development department and building our technical capabilities and
capacity. Cost of contract revenue is determined both by the level of direct
costs incurred on development contracts and by the level of indirect costs
incurred in operating and building our technical capabilities and capacity.
Both the direct and indirect costs can fluctuate substantially from period to
period. The cost of contract revenue as a percentage of revenue was lower in 2008
than in 2007 as a result of negotiating better terms on contracts and from the
sale of prototype units that have been previously expensed to internally funded
programs. The cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue can fluctuate significantly
from period to period, depending on the contract cost mix and the levels of
direct and indirect costs incurred. However, over longer periods of time we
expect modest fluctuations in the cost of contract revenue, as a percentage of
contract revenue. Cost of Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of product revenue $ 2,143 123.4 $ 1,690 114.7 $ 453 26.8 Cost of product revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect
costs of manufacturing products sold to customers. Direct costs include labor,
materials and other costs incurred directly in the manufacture of these
products. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with
operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing
material, facility and depreciation costs, is allocated to inventory, cost of
product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research and development expense
based on the proportion of direct material purchased for the respective
activity. During 2008 and 2007, we expensed approximately $143,000 and
$289,000, respectively, of manufacturing overhead associated with production
capacity in excess of production requirements. The increase in cost of product revenue for 2008 compared to 2007 was a
result of increased revenue from the sales of ROV and the increase in inventory
write-downs during the respective periods. In 2008, cost of product revenue
included $475,000 of inventory write-downs compared to $84,000 for the same
period in 2007. The cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue can fluctuate
significantly from period to period, depending on the product mix, the level of
overhead expense and the volume of direct materials purchased. Research and Development Expense. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Research and development $ 22,575 $ 14,944 $ 7,631 51.1 Research and development expense consists of: Compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal
research and product development activities, Laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and Other operating expenses. In addition, we allocate our research and development resources based on the
business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources
available and the contractual commitments we have made to customers. In order to
accelerate our time to market and because contract revenue was lower for the
year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the same period in 2007, we directed
more of our research and development work to internally funded projects compared
to the same period last year. We have increased spending in research and
development as part of our strategy to accelerate the time to market for
products based on the PicoP. The increase in cost is primarily attributable to
increases in payroll costs and contracted services. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development
expense will be required to develop additional commercial products using the
light scanning technology. Accordingly, we anticipate our level of research and
development spending will continue to be substantial. Sales, Marketing, General and Administrative Expense. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Sales, marketing, general and administrative $ 15,730 $ 15,779 $ (49) (0.3) Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation
and support costs for marketing, sales, management and administrative staff, and
for other general and administrative costs, including legal and accounting
services, consultants and other operating expenses. We continue to aggressively manage these costs as part of our strategy to
accelerate the development of PicoP-based products while controlling our cash
used in operations. Interest Income and Expense. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest income $ 1,130 $ 1,358 $ (228) (16.8) 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest expense $ 48 $ 513 $ (465) (90.6) The decrease in interest income in 2008 from 2007 results primarily from
lower interest rates on our investment securities compared to 2007. In March and December 2005, we issued convertible notes (the "Notes") with an
aggregate principal amount of $20 million. The last payment on the Notes was
made in March 2007, resulting in a decrease in interest expense for the year
ended December 31, 2008 compared to the same period in 2007. Impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Impairment of investments, available-for-sale $ (300) $ 0 $ (300) n/a At December 31, 2008, our marketable securities portfolio included $3.0
million par value AAA rated student loan auction-rate securities ("SLARS").
Based on the length of the historical duration of failed SLARS auctions and
significant uncertainty of the prospective duration of inactivity and lack of
liquidity in the SLARS market, we determined that the estimated fair values of
the SLARS were less than par value and the impairments were other-than-
temporary. We used a discounted cash flow model, with rates adjusted for
liquidity, to determine the estimated fair values of the SLARS as of December
31, 2008. We recorded an "impairment of investment securities, available-for-
sale" of $300,000 for the period ended December 31, 2008. Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, Net. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net $ 2,196 $ (483) $ 2,679 (554.7) We issued warrants to purchase 2,302,000 shares of common stock in connection
with the issuance of the Notes. The warrants met the definition of derivative
instruments that must be accounted for as liabilities under the provisions of
Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue No. 00-19, Accounting for
Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a
Company's Own Stock ("EITF 00-19"), because we cannot
engage in certain corporate transactions affecting the common stock unless we
made a cash payment to the holders of the warrants. In July 2008, warrants to
purchase 750,000 shares of common stock expired unexercised. We record changes
in the fair values of the warrants in the statement of operations each period.
We valued the remaining warrants to purchase 1,552,000 shares of common stock at
December 31, 2008 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following assumptions: expected volatility of 72%; expected dividend yield of
0%; risk free interest rates ranging from 0.6% to 0.8%; and contractual lives
ranging from 1.2 years to 1.9 years. The change in value of the warrants of
$2.3 million in 2008 was recorded as a non-operating gain and is included in
"Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net" in the consolidated
statement of operations. Prior to December 9, 2008 we held warrants to purchase 170,500 shares of
Lumera common stock. On December 9, 2008, Lumera merged with GigOptix, LLC and
the combined company will conduct business as GigOptix, Inc. Our Lumera
warrants were exchanged for warrants to purchase shares of the new company's
common stock, after applying a 0.125 exchange ratio and exercise price
escalation. As of December 31, 2008, the fair value of the warrants was
determined to be zero and the change in value of $130,000 in 2008 was recorded
as a loss to "Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net." Gain on sale of investment in Lumera. Gain on sale of securities of equity investment: 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain on sale of investment in Lumera $ 0 $ 6,606 $ (6,606) (100.0) During 2007, we sold 1,714,000 shares of Lumera common stock for gross
proceeds of $8.7 million and we recorded a gain of $6.6 million. As result of the merger discussed above, the 36,000 shares of Lumera common
stock we held were exchanged for 5,000 shares of GigOptix common stock. Income Taxes. No provision for income taxes has been recorded because we have experienced
net losses from inception through December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2008, we
had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $217.6 million for
federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and
development tax credits of $4.3 million. The net operating loss carry forwards
and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income,
if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2009 to 2027 if not previously
utilized. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code,
a 50% or more ownership change by certain combinations of our shareholders
during any three-year period would result in a limitation on our ability to
utilize a portion of our net operating loss carry-forwards. We have determined
that such a change of ownership occurred during 1995 and that the annual
utilization of loss carry-forwards generated through the period of that change
will be limited to approximately $761,000. An additional change of ownership
occurred in 1996 and the annual limitation for losses generated in 1996 is
approximately $1.6 million. We adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007. We did not have any
unrecognized tax benefits which would require an adjustment to the January 1,
2007 beginning balance of retained earnings. We did not have any unrecognized
tax benefits at December 31, 2007 or at December 31, 2008. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits in tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, we
recognized no interest and penalties. YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006 Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2007 revenue 2006 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Government revenue $ 6,430 71.4 $ 3,586 68.0 $ 2,844 79.3
Commercial revenue 2,580 28.6 1,689 32.0 891 52.8
 --------- --------- ---------
Total contract revenue $ 9,010 $ 5,275 $ 3,735 70.8
 ========= ========= ========= Contract revenue was higher during 2007 than in 2006, due to higher beginning
government contract backlog and an increased level of activity on commercial
contracts compared to the prior year. In May 2007, we announced that we had entered into a $3.2 million contract
with the U.S. Air Force to provide a lightweight, see-through, full-color
eyewear display prototype to the government. The contract, which continued a
development activity with the Air Force, specified the development, design,
verification, testing, and delivery of a lightweight, see-through full-color
wearable display for evaluation by several DOD project offices. Our backlog of development contracts at December 31, 2007 was $$2.0 million
in government contracts and $1.8 million in commercial contracts compared to
$5.2 million in government contracts and $1.6 million in commercial contracts at
December 31, 2006. Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2007 revenue 2006 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Bar code revenue $ 1,393 94.5 $ 1,589 89.9 $ (196) (12.3)
Nomad revenue 81 5.5 179 10.1 (98) (54.7)
 --------- --------- ---------
Total product revenue $ 1,474 $ 1,768 $ (294) (16.6)
 ========= ========= ========= In May 2007, we announced the launch of ROV, our new bar code scanner
product. We had planned to begin commercial shipments of ROV during the third
quarter of 2007. During our Beta evaluation, we determined that ROV did not
meet our quality standards and we delayed the launch of ROV production until we
could correct the deficiencies. Commercial shipments of ROV began during the
fourth quarter of 2007. The decrease in bar code revenue in 2007 compared to 2006 was the result of
the timing of the release of ROV. We believe that many of our customers were
waiting for the availability of ROV before placing orders for our bar code
scanning products. The decrease in Nomad revenue was the result of our decision in June 2006 to
no longer promote the Nomad product. The Nomad had not gained the commercial
acceptance we had planned when it was introduced. The backlog of product orders at December 31, 2007 was approximately
$245,000, compared to $353,000 at December 31, 2006. Cost of Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2007 revenue 2006 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of contract revenue $ 4,916 54.6 $ 3,398 64.4 $ 1,518 44.7 The cost of contract revenue as a percentage of revenue was lower in 2007
than in 2006 as a result of negotiating better terms on contracts entered into
in late 2006 and early 2007. We target a gross margin for each contract of at
least 40%; however, the gross margin can vary based on the technical challenges
encountered in completing the contract. Cost of Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2007 revenue 2006 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of product revenue $ 1,690 114.7 $ 4,768 269.7 $ (3,078) (64.6) During 2007 and 2006, we expensed approximately $289,000 and $1,224,000,
respectively, of manufacturing overhead associated with production capacity in
excess of production requirements. The decline in cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue for
2007 compared to 2006 is attributable to the following factors: The decision in June 2006 to no longer support the Nomad product line.
During 2006, we recorded expenses of $1.2 million associated with the Nomad
product line that were not repeated in 2007. Reduced direct cost and overhead on the Flic product line resulting in a
savings of approximately 108% for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to
the same period in 2006. The absence of losses associated with noncancelable purchase contracts. In
2006, we recorded a loss of $310,000 to cost of product revenue as a result of
commitments to purchase materials for the Flic scanner that were in excess of
our estimated future proceeds from the sale of the Flic scanners. Research and Development Expense. 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Research and development $ 14,944 $ 10,715 $ 4,229 39.5 The increase in research and development expense in 2007 compared to 2006 was
the result of our increased spending as part of our strategy to accelerate the
time to market for products based on the PicoP. The increase in cost was
primarily attributable to increases in payroll costs and contracted services. Sales, Marketing, General and Administrative Expense. 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Sales, marketing, general and administrative $ 15,779 $ 17,362 $ (1,583) (9.1) In early 2006, we announced our plan to reduce spending in sales, marketing,
general and administrative expenses. The decrease in sales, marketing, general
and administrative expense in 2007 compared to 2006 is the result of the cost
reduction efforts. Interest Income and Expense. 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest income $ 1,358 $ 719 $ 639 88.9 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest expense $ 513 $ 5,753 $ (5,240) (91.1) The increase in interest income in 2007 from 2006 results from higher average
cash and investment securities balances. In March and December 2005, we issued convertible notes (the "Notes") with an
aggregate principal amount of $20 million. The last payment on the Notes was
made in March 2007, resulting in a decrease in interest expense for the year
ended December 31, 2007 compared to the same period in 2006. Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, Net. The following table shows the gain on derivative instruments, net: 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net $ (483) $ 1,627 $ (2,110) (129.7) In connection with the issuance of the Notes in 2005, we concluded that the
note holders' right to convert all or a portion of the Notes into our common
stock is an embedded derivative instrument as defined by FAS 133, Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities ("FAS 133"). We
determine the value of the derivative features at each balance sheet date using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We retired the Notes in March 2007 and
decreased the value of the derivative feature to zero. The change in value of
$68,000 from December 31, 2006 to the date of retirement of the Notes was
recorded as a non-operating gain and is included in "Gain (loss) on derivative
instruments, net" in the consolidated statement of operations. We issued warrants to purchase 2,302,000 shares of common stock in connection
with the issuance of the Notes. The warrants met the definition of derivative
instruments that must be accounted for as liabilities under the provisions of
EITF 00-19, because we cannot engage in certain corporate transactions affecting
the common stock unless we made a cash payment to the holders of the warrants.
We record changes in the fair values of the warrants in the statement of
operations each period. We valued the warrants at December 31, 2007 using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: expected
volatility of 67%, expected dividend yield of 0%, risk free interest rates
ranging from 3.05% to 3.07%, and contractual lives ranging from 0.6 years to 2.9
years. The change in value of the warrants of $85,000 in 2007 was recorded as a
non-operating loss and is included in "Gain (loss) on derivative instruments,
net" in the consolidated statement of operations. At December 31, 2007, we held warrants to purchase 170,500 shares of Lumera
common stock. Changes in the fair value of the warrants are recorded in the
statement of operations each period. As of December 31, 2007, the warrants were
valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: expected volatility of 83%, expected dividend yield of 0%, risk
free interest rate of 3.11%, and contractual life of 3.2 years. As of December
31, 2007, the fair value of the warrants decreased to $130,000 and the change in
value of $465,000 in 2007 was recorded as a loss to "Gain (loss) on derivative
instruments, net." Equity in losses of Lumera and Gain on sale of securities of equity
investment. Equity in losses of Lumera: 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Equity in losses of Lumera $ 0 $ (290) $ 290 (100.0) Gain on sale of securities of equity investment: 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain on sale of investment in Lumera $ 6,606 $ 8,738 $ (2,132) (24.4) In 2006, we sold 2.9 million shares of our Lumera common stock for $12.2
million. We recorded a "Gain on sale of investment in Lumera" of approximately
$8.7 million. In January 2006, we recorded a charge of $290,000 for our
proportion of Lumera net loss for the period preceding the change in accounting
method which resulted from the reduction of our ownership in Lumera. During 2007, we sold 1,714,000 shares of Lumera common stock for gross
proceeds of $8.7 million and we recorded a gain of $6.6 million. As of December
31, 2007, we owned 36,000 shares of Lumera common stock. Income Taxes. At December 31, 2007, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of
approximately $200.0 million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In
addition, we had research and development tax credits of $3.6 million. Inducement for Conversion of Preferred Stock. 2007 2006 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Inducement for conversion of preferred stock $ 0 $ (3,076) $ 3,076 (100.0) In September 2004, we raised $10.0 million before issuance costs of $90,000
from the sale of 10,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and a
warrant to purchase 362,000 shares of common stock. The preferred stock terms
included a dividend of 3.5% per annum, payable quarterly in cash or registered
common stock, at our election, subject to certain conditions. The net cash proceeds of $9,910,000 were allocated to the preferred stock and
the warrant based on the relative fair values of the securities. The warrants
were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: expected volatility of 75%, expected dividend yield of 0%, risk
free interest rate of 3.4%, and contractual life of five years. Proceeds of
$1.3 million were allocated to the warrant and recorded as an increase to
additional paid-in capital. Subsequent to the relative fair value allocation, the effective conversion
price of the convertible preferred stock was less than the closing price of our
common stock on the date of commitment to purchase the preferred stock,
resulting in the recognition of a beneficial conversion feature in accordance
with EITF No. 00-27, Application of Issue No. 98-5 to Certain Convertible
Instruments . This beneficial conversion feature was measured at $1.2
million, which represents the difference between the fair value of the common
stock and the effective conversion price. The beneficial conversion feature was
recorded as additional paid-in capital and a deemed dividend to preferred
stockholders. It was amortized using the effective interest method over the
three year stated life of the preferred stock. During 2005, we recorded
$280,000 in dividends on the preferred stock and $303,000 in amortization of the
beneficial conversion feature of the preferred stock. In May 2006, we entered into a Conversion Agreement with the holders of our
preferred stock. As consideration for converting 5,000 preferred shares, we
issued a total of 1,353,066 shares of our common stock, $.001 par value, of
which 565,000 shares were issued as an inducement to convert ("Incentive
Shares"). The value of the Incentive Shares of $2.0 million together with
unamortized discounts of $0.6 million and fees of $0.1 million were recorded as
"Inducement for conversion of preferred stock" in the consolidated statement of
operations. In connection with the conversion, we agreed to register the Incentive Shares
and to a 45-trading-day price protection provision. We determined that the
price protection feature of the Incentive Shares included an embedded derivative
feature as defined by FAS 133. We estimated the initial value of the derivative
feature at conversion to be $401,000 using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of 65%, dividend yield
of 0%, risk free interest rate of 4.9%, and contractual life 0.3 years and
recorded it as a non-operating expense included in "Inducement for conversion of
preferred stock" in the consolidated statement of operations. The value of the
price protection feature fluctuated with the value of our common stock and, to a
lesser extent, with changes in valuation variables. In August 2006, the Company
determined and recorded the final value and paid the liability of $1,074,000.
The change in estimated fair value of the derivative feature of $673,000 was
included as a non-operating expense in "Gain (loss) on Derivative instruments,
net". Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded
operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible
preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser
extent, from development contract revenues and product sales. In July 2008, we
received $26.0 million, before issuance costs, from the issuance of 11,172,000
shares of our common stock and warrants exercisable for 6,703,000 shares of our
common stock at $3.60 per share. At December 31, 2008, we had $28.2 million in
cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities, available-for-sale. Our
cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities available-for-sale balance
includes $2.7 million in auction rate securities ("ARS"). There is
currently no established market for these ARS and if we were required to sell
them in a short period of time we may receive less than our book value for them. Our operating plan for 2009 includes the launch of our first accessory
product, further development of the PicoP display engine for embedded
applications and further development of automotive HUD and eyewear applications.
In order to fully fund our product launch and our other development efforts, we
will require additional capital in 2009. We plan to obtain additional cash
through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no
assurance that additional cash will be available or that, if available, it will be
available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not available
in the next several months to fully implement our plan we will begin to reduce the scope
of our business to extend our operations as we pursue other financing opportunities and
business relationships. This reduction in scope could include delaying product launch and
development projects resulting in reductions in staff, operating costs, capital
expenditures and investment in research and development. With these adjustments
to our operating plan, we believe we currently have sufficient cash, cash
equivalents, and investment securities to fund operations through at least
February 28, 2010. Cash used in operating activities totaled $31.2 million during 2008, compared
to $21.3 million during 2007. During 2008, the increased cash outlay was
primarily driven by the acceleration of research and development activities on
our PicoP and related technologies for planned PicoP and other product
applications. The balance of the change was largely due to lower contract
revenue in 2008 than in 2007. We had the following material gains and charges, and changes in assets and
liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2008. " (Gain) loss on derivative instruments " In connection
with the issuances of our Notes in 2005, we issued warrants to purchase
2,302,000 shares of our common stock, which are accounted for as derivative
security liabilities according to guidance in EITF 00-19. The value of the
warrants fluctuates with our common stock price and the decreasing lives of the
warrants as they approach expiration. The net decrease in our stock price
during 2008 combined with decreasing terms to expiration resulted in a $2.3
million non-cash non-operating gain recorded in "(Gain) loss on derivative
instruments, net" on the consolidated statements of operations and a non-
cash adjustment in operating cash flows recorded to "(Gain) loss on
derivative instruments" on the consolidated statements of cash flows. We
record the fair values of the warrants in "Liability associated with common
stock warrants" on the consolidated balance sheets. The valuation
assumptions and method are detailed in the Results of Operations section above. " Accounts receivable, net " Our accounts
receivable decreased by approximately $1.3 million from the end of 2007 due to
lower contract revenue near the end of 2008. "Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contracts" We ended 2008 with $908,000 less than 2007. This was mostly a
result of receiving a $500,000 advance cash payment from a customer in December
2007 for contract revenue work performed in January 2008. The balance of the
decrease is associated with completing contracts in the third quarter of 2008
and lower contract revenue near the end of 2008. "Inventory" Ending inventory increased by $764,000 over
2007 as a result of the timing of our production schedule for ROV and lower than
expected sales volumes. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market with
cost determined on a weighted average cost basis. The following table shows the
composition of the inventory at December 31, 2008 and 2007: December 31, December 31,
 2008 2007
 ------------- ------------ Raw materials $ 45,000 $ 122,000
Work in process -- 10,000
Finished goods 1,480,000 629,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 1,525,000 $ 761,000
 ============= ============ Investing Activities Cash provided by investing activities totaled $19.0 million in 2008 compared
to cash used in investing activities of $14.2 million in 2007. We invested the
proceeds from our July 2008 issuance of common stock and warrants of $26.0
million, before issuance fees, into money market accounts and short term
investments. As a result, the purchases and sales of these investments appear
in cash and cash equivalents changes instead of in investing activities on the
consolidated statements of cash flows. Cash provided by investing activities in
2008 was generated from the net sales of investment securities to fund
continuing operations which were purchased in 2007. The 2007 net purchases in
investing activities of $22.3 million were made with proceeds from the call of
our publicly traded warrants and sale of Lumera common stock. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities totaled $24.3 million in 2008, compared
to $34.4 million in 2007, largely as a result of the relative sizes of our
financing transactions completed in 2008 and 2007, coupled with cash payments
totaling $1.4 million in 2007 to retire our Notes. The following is a list of
our securities issuances during 2008, 2007 and 2006. In July 2008, we raised an aggregate of $26.0 million before issuance costs
of approximately $2.0 million through a registered direct public offering of
11.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 6.7 million
shares of our common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $3.60 per
share, a five year term, and are not exercisable for one year from the date of
issuance. The warrants are callable after one year from the date of issuance if
the average closing bid price of our stock is over $7.20 for any 20 consecutive
trading days. The warrants are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the
ticker "MVISW." In June 2007, we called our publicly traded warrants issued as part of a
2006 mid-year financing transaction. The warrant holders had until July 6, 2007
to exercise their warrants or the warrants would expire. We received $34.1
million from the exercise of 12,855,000 warrants. In November 2006, we raised $7.9 million before issuance costs of $779,000
through an underwritten public offering of 3,318,000 shares of our common stock. In June and July 2006, we raised an aggregate of $27.1 million before
issuance costs of $2.2 million through an underwritten public offering of 11.6
million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 12.4 million shares
of our common stock. In connection with the offering, we also issued the
underwriter a warrant to acquire 537,500 warrants, identical to those sold in
the offering, at an exercise price of $0.16 per warrant. The underwriter
exercised the warrants for warrants in connection with the call in June 2007. The following is a list of scheduled payments we made in connection with our
Notes during 2007 and 2006. During 2007: • cash payments of $1.4 million in principal and $28,000 in interest, and • issued 459,000 shares of our common stock in payment of $1.4 million in
principal and $21,000 in interest. During 2006: • cash payments of $9.6 million in principal and $722,000 in interest, and • issued 1.4 million shares of our common stock in payment of $1.7 million in
principal and $88,000 in interest. We may also raise cash through future sales of our common or preferred stock,
warrants, and issuance of debt securities or through other borrowings. Should
expenses exceed the amounts budgeted in our current operating plan, we may
require additional cash earlier than expected to further the development of our
technology, for expenses associated with product development, and to respond to
competitive pressures or to meet unanticipated development difficulties. Our
operating plan also provides for the development of strategic relationships with
systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments.
There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us or,
if available, it will be available on acceptable terms on a timely basis. If
adequate funds are not available to satisfy either short-term or long-term
capital requirements or planned revenues are not generated, we may be required
to limit our operations substantially. This limitation of operations may
include reductions in staff and discretionary costs, which may include non-
contractual research costs. Our cash requirements will depend on many factors,
including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce products
incorporating our technology and the market acceptance and competitive position
of such products. Future operating expenditures and capital requirements will depend on
numerous factors, including the following: the progress of research and development programs, the progress in commercialization activities and arrangements, the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims
and other intellectual property rights, competing technological and market developments, and our ability to establish cooperative development, joint venture and
licensing arrangements. In order to maintain our exclusive rights under our license agreement with
the University of Washington, we are obligated to make royalty payments to the
University of Washington with respect to the Virtual Retinal Display technology.
If we are successful in establishing original equipment manufacturer co-
development and joint venture arrangements, we expect our partners to fund
certain non-recurring engineering costs for technology development and/or for
product development. Nevertheless, we expect our cash requirements to remain
high as we expand our activities and operations with the objective of
commercializing our light scanning technology. The following table lists our contractual obligations (in thousands): Payments Due By Period
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total
 --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------
Contractual Obligations: Open purchase obligations * $ 3,991 $ 104 $ 74 $ -- $ 4,169
Minimum payments under capital leases 47 48 -- -- 95
Minimum payments under operating leases 844 1,774 1,502 -- 4,120
Minimum payments under long-term debt 103 206 172 -- 481
Minimum payments under research, royalty
 and licensing agreements 735 1,733 1,733 -- + 4,201
 --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------
 Total $ 5,720 $ 3,865 $ 3,481 $ -- $ 13,066
 =============== =============== =============== =============== ========= * Open purchase obligations represent commitments to purchase inventory,
materials, capital equipment, maintenance agreements and other goods used in the
normal operation of our business. + License and royalty obligations continue through the lives of the
underlying patents, which is currently through at least 2017. New accounting pronouncements In October 2008, the FASB released a FASB Staff Position, FSP FAS 157-3- Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When The Market for That
Asset Is Not Active , to clarify the application of the provisions of FAS 157
in an inactive market. Implementing of this standard upon its issuance did not
have a material impact on our consolidated financial position and results of
operations. In February 2008, the FASB released a FASB Staff Position, FSP FAS 157-2- Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 , which delays the effective date
of FAS 157 for all nonfinancial assets and liabilities, except those that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. We are currently
assessing the financial impact of FSP FAS 157-2 on our financial statements. In June 2007, the EITF reached a final consensus on EITF Issue No. 07-1, Accounting for Collaborative Arrangements ("EITF 07-1"). EITF
07-1 discusses how to determine whether an arrangement constitutes a
collaborative arrangement, how costs incurred and revenue generated on sales to
third parties should be reported by the participants, how an entity should
characterize payments made between participants and what participants should
disclose in the notes to the financial statements about a collaborative
arrangement. EITF 07-1 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. We are currently assessing the financial impact of EITF 07-1 on our
financial statements. Subsequent Events During January 2009, we terminated 9 employees or approximately 5% of our
workforce. We will record an expense of approximately $202,000 related to the
severance agreements for these employees in the first quarter of 2009. We
accounted for the cost associated with the work force reduction in accordance
with FAS 146- Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal
Activities, which requires that the liability for the costs associated with
the exit or disposal activity be recognized and measured at fair value in the
period in which the liability is incurred. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of the end of 2008, 90% of our total cash, cash equivalents and
investment securities available-for-sale have variable interest rates or are
very short-term discount notes traded in active markets. Therefore, we believe
our exposure to the market and interest rate risk is not material. The
remaining 10% is composed of $3.0 million par student loan auction-rate
securities ("SLARS"). Our SLARS are highly rated long-term bonds and
are structured with variable interest rate resets to be determined via a Dutch
Auction process every 28 days. However, beginning in February 2008 as global
credit markets deteriorated significantly, each auction has failed rendering the
SLARS temporarily illiquid through the auction process and adverse credit market
conditions have resulted in inactive secondary ARS markets. Given the adverse
credit market conditions, the fair value of the principal of these bonds has
become affected by changes in interest rates, the spread between short and long
rates, and credit market liquidity. As a result, in the quarter ended September
30, 2008, we estimated that the fair value of our SLARS was approximately $2.7
million and that the $300,000 adjustment was other than temporary. If market
conditions worsen, we may have to further adjust the estimated fair value of the
SLARS, including additional charges to earnings if we believe the adjustment is
other than temporary. In the event we need access to the funds invested in the
SLARS, we could be required to sell these securities at an amount below our
original purchase value. Any of these events could affect our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, based on
our current operating plan and ability to access our $25.5 million held in cash
and cash equivalents and other highly liquid investments held as of December 31,
2008, we do not expect to be required to sell these securities materially below
their current estimated value. Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should
select investments to achieve the following goals: principal preservation,
adequate liquidity and return. As of December 31, 2008, our cash and cash
equivalents and investments available-for-sale securities portfolio are
comprised of short-term highly rated money market funds and commercial paper,
and the SLARS. The values of cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale
by maturity date as of December 31, 2008, are as follows (rounding problem in
table): Amount Percent
 ------------ --------- Cash and cash equivalents $ 16,173,000 57.3 %
Less than one year 9,365,000 33.1
One to two years -- --
Greater than five years 2,700,000 9.6
 ------------ ---------
 $ 28,238,000 100.0 %
 ============ ========= Foreign Exchange Rate Risk All of our development contract payments are made in U.S. dollars.
However, in the future we may enter into additional development contracts in
foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We intend
to enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure to currency
fluctuations when we can adequately determine the timing and amounts of the
foreign currency exposure. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | XX
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 | XX
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 | XX
Consolidated Statements of Mandatory Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 | XX
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 | XX
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 | XX
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | XX
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves Schedule | XX Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Microvision, Inc.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of operations, mandatory redeemable convertible
preferred stock and shareholders' equity, comprehensive loss and cash flows
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Microvision, Inc. at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended December 31, 2008 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our
opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008 based on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and the
financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements, financial statement
schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based
on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements
included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Seattle, Washington March 5, 2009 Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31,
 ----------------------
 2008 2007
 ---------- ----------
Assets Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents $ 25,533 $ 13,399
 Investment securities, available-for-sale 2,705 22,411
 Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $57 and $123 537 1,885
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 695 443
 Inventory 1,525 761
 Other current assets 889 1,180
 ---------- ----------
 Total current assets 31,884 40,079

 Property and equipment, net 3,701 4,047
 Restricted investments 1,332 1,125
 Other assets 47 47
 ---------- ----------
 Total assets $ 36,964 $ 45,298
 ========== ========== Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities
 Accounts payable $ 3,487 $ 2,146
 Accrued liabilities 3,545 4,154
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 62 970
 Liability associated with common stock warrants 331 2,657
 Current portion of capital lease obligations 41 44
 Current portion of long-term debt 71 65
 ---------- ----------
 Total current liabilities 7,537 10,036

 Capital lease obligations, net of current portion 45 88
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 322 393
 Deferred rent, net of current portion 1,409 1,720
 ---------- ----------
 Total liabilities 9,313 12,237
 ---------- ----------

Commitments and contingencies -- --

Shareholders' Equity
 Common stock, par value $.001; 125,000 shares authorized; 68,080 and
 56,730 shares issued and outstanding 68 57
 Additonal paid-in capital 319,662 292,374
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (38) 51

 Accumulated deficit (292,041) (259,421)
 ---------- ----------
 Total shareholders' equity 27,651 33,061
 ---------- ----------
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 36,964 45,298
 ========== ========== The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ---------- ---------- ---------- Contract revenue $ 4,874 $ 9,010 $ 5,275
Product revenue 1,737 1,474 1,768
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total revenue 6,611 10,484 7,043
 ---------- ---------- ----------

Cost of contract revenue 1,708 4,916 3,398
Cost of product revenue 2,143 1,690 4,768
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total cost of revenue 3,851 6,606 8,166
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Gross margin 2,760 3,878 (1,123)
 ---------- ---------- ----------


Research and development expense 22,575 14,944 10,715
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 15,730 15,779 17,362
Gain on disposal of fixed assets (5) (117) (198)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total operating expenses 38,300 30,606 27,879
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Loss from operations (35,540) (26,728) (29,002)

Interest income 1,130 1,358 719
Interest expense (48) (513) (5,753)
Impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale (300) -- --
Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net 2,196 (483) 1,627
Other expense (58) (27) (23)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss before Lumera transactions (32,620) (26,393) (32,432)

Equity in losses of Lumera -- -- (290)
Gain on sale of investment in Lumera -- 6,606 8,738
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss (32,620) (19,787) (23,984)

Stated dividend on mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock -- -- (59)
Accretion to par value of preferred stock -- -- (138)
Inducement for conversion of preferred stock -- -- (3,076)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss available for common shareholders $ (32,620) $ (19,787) $ (27,257)
 ========== ========== ==========
Net loss per share basic and diluted $ (0.53) $ (0.40) $ (0.81)
 ========== ========== ==========

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted 61,643 49,963 33,572
 ========== ========== ========== The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Mandatorily Redeemable Convertable Preferred Stock and Shareholders' Equity (in thousands, except share amounts) Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
 Mandatorily -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 redeemable |
 convertible | Receivables Accumulated
 preferred stock | Common Stock Additional from other Total
 -------------------|------------------- paid-in Deferred related comprehensive Accumulated Shareholders'
 Shares Amount | Shares Par Value capital Compensation parties income deficit Equity (Deficit)
 -------- ---------|-------- --------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ---------------- Balance at December 31, 2005 5 $ 4,166 | 25,138 $ 25 $ 212,993 $ (85) $ (792) $ -- $ (215,650) $ (3,509)
Amortization of share-based compensation | 1,740 85 1,825
Exercise of warrants and options | 16 44 44
Sales of common stock and warrants |
 (net of issuance costs of $3.0 million) | 14,867 15 32,015 -- 32,030
Conversion of preferred stock (5) (5,000)| 786 1 4,999 5,000
Inducement to preferred shareholders | (2,379) (2,379)
Unamortized discount and offering costs |
 on preferred stock 419 | (419) (419)
Issuance of common stock and change in |
 warrant value to preferred shareholders | 565 1 1,978 1,979
Beneficial conversion feature of |
 mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred stock 278 | (278) (278)
Non-cash accretion on mandatorily redeemable convertible |
 preferred stock 137 | (137) (137)
Issuance of common stock for payment on senior |
 secured exchangeable convertible notes | 1,466 1 1,966 1,967
Issuance of common stock for payment of interest on senior |
 secured exchangeable convertible notes | 67 88 88
Issuance of common stock on preferred dividend | 16 59 59
Dividend on preferred stock | (59) (59)
Warrants to purchase Lumera common stock | 476 476
Allowance for doubtful accounts on receivables from |
 related parties | 542 542
Other comprehensive income | 8,619 8,619
Net loss | (23,984) (23,984)
 -------- ---------|-------- --------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2006 -- -- | 42,921 43 253,086 -- (250) 8,619 (239,634) 21,864
Amortization of share-based compensation | 1,886 1,886
Exercise of warrants and options | 13,350 13 35,883 35,896
Sales of common stock and warrants | 130 -- 130
Issuance of common stock for payment on senior |
 secured exchangeable convertible notes | 452 1 1,367 1,368
Issuance of common stock for payment of interest on senior |
 secured exchangeable convertible notes | 7 22 22
Sale of Lumera stock held as collateral on receivables |
 from related parties | 227 227
Allowance for doubtful accounts on receivables from |
 related parties | 23 23
Other comprehensive income | (8,568) (8,568)
Net loss | (19,787) (19,787)
 -------- ---------|-------- --------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2007 -- -- | 56,730 57 292,374 -- -- 51 (259,421) 33,061
Amortization of share-based compensation | 35 2,857 2,857
Exercise of warrants and options | 143 -- 388 388
Sales of common stock and warrants | 11,172 11 24,043 24,054
Other comprehensive income | (89) (89)
Net loss | (32,620) (32,620)
 -------- ---------|-------- --------- ------------- ----------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2008 -- $ -- | 68,080 $ 68 $ 319,662 $ -- $ -- $ (38) $ (292,041) $ 27,651
 ======== ========= ======== ========= ============= =========== =========== ============= ============ ================ The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ---------- ---------- ---------- Net loss $ (32,620) $ (19,787) $ (23,984)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Other comprehensive gain (loss)
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities, available-for-sale:
 Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during period (89) (1,962) 17,357
 Less: reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net loss -- (6,606) (8,738)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Net unrealized gain (loss) (89) (8,568) 8,619
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Comprehensive loss $ (32,709) $ (28,355) $ (15,365)
 ========== ========== ========== The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
 -------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 --------- --------- ---------
Cash flows from operating activities Net loss $ (32,620) $ (19,787) $ (23,984)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:
 Depreciation 989 953 1,218
 Gain on disposal of fixed assets (5) (117) (198)
 Non-cash expenses related to issuance of stock, warrants, and options,
 and amortization of deferred compensation 2,831 1,897 1,825
 Non-cash interest expense, net -- 371 4,753
 Loss (gain) on derivative instruments (2,196) 482 (1,627)
 Impairment of short-term investment securities 300 -- --
 Inventory write-downs 475 84 1,181
 Allowance for receivables from related parties (241) 23 542
 Equity in losses of Lumera -- -- 290
 Gain on sale of investment in Lumera -- (6,606) (8,738)
 Net accretion of discount on short-term investments (97) (80) --
 Increase in deferred rent -- -- 1,042
 Non-cash deferred rent (275) (277) (231)
 Change in:
 Accounts receivable 1,348 (719) 214
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts (252) 122 639
 Inventory (1,239) 198 (1,465)
 Other current assets 184 408 121
 Other assets -- (6) 83
 Accounts payable 1,188 461 (689)
 Accrued liabilities (642) 515 (1,139)
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts (908) 770 149
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash used in operating activities (31,160) (21,308) (26,014)
 --------- --------- --------- Cash flows from investing activities Sales of investment securities 20,400 7,200 --
 Purchases of investment securities (986) (29,504) --
 Sales of restricted investment securities -- 2,329 1,100
 Purchases of restricted investment securities (350) (2,329) (268)
 Decrease in restricted investment 143 143 --
 Decrease in restricted cash -- -- 755
 Collections of receivables from related parties 241 227 --
 Sale of long-term investment - Lumera -- 8,637 12,142
 Proceeds on sale of property and equipment 5 117 200
 Purchases of property and equipment (495) (1,058) (2,152)
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 18,958 (14,238) 11,777
 --------- --------- --------- Cash flows from financing activities Principal payments under capital leases (41) (45) (40)
 Principal payments under long-term debt (65) (58) (55)
 Increase in long-term debt -- -- 536
 Payments on notes payable -- (1,400) (9,600)
 Payment of embedded derivative feature of preferred stock conversion -- -- (1,074)
 Payment of preferred dividend -- -- (43)
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 24,442 35,896 32,205
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash provided by financing activities 24,336 34,393 21,929
 --------- --------- ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 12,134 (1,153) 7,692
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 13,399 14,552 6,860
 --------- --------- ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 25,533 $ 13,399 14,552
 ========= ========= ========= Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest $ 48 $ 92 $ 786
 ========= ========= ========= Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Property and equipment acquired under capital leases $ -- $ -- $ 80
 ========= ========= =========
Other non-cash additions to property and equipment $ 199 $ 46 $ 115
 ========= ========= =========
Conversion of preferred stock into common stock $ -- $ -- $ 4,417
 ========= ========= =========
Issuance of common stock for payment of principal and interest on senior
 secured exchangeable convertible notes $ -- $ 1,388 $ 1,755
 ========= ========= =========
Conversion of convertible debt into common stock $ -- $ -- $ 344
 ========= ========= =========
Inducement for conversion of preferred stock $ -- $ -- $ 3,076
 ========= ========= ========= The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 1. The Company Microvision is developing compact, low power, high-resolution display and
imaging systems based on its integrated photonics module technology platform.
Microvision's technology has potential applications for a broad range of
consumer, automotive, medical, industrial, and military products. The Company's
proprietary technology platform combines bi-axial Micro-Electrical Mechanical
system (MEMS) light scanning technologies, lasers, optics, electronics, with its
system controls expertise to produce compact display or imaging solutions that
the Company anticipates will lead to introduction of new applications and
products in the consumer and automotive markets. Historically, Microvision has
entered into development agreements with commercial and U.S. government
customers to develop applications using its light scanning technologies.
Microvision has one commercially marketed product, ROV, a hand-held bar code
scanner that incorporates the Company's proprietary MEMS technology. Microvision's strategy is to design, develop and supply a proprietary display
engine called PicoP™, an ultra-miniature video projector capable of
producing large, color rich, high resolution images that is small and low power
enough to be embedded directly into mobile devices, such as cell phones.
Microvision is also marketing PicoP-based miniature projection engines to
original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) to be embedded into a variety of
consumer products. The primary goal for consumer display applications is to
provide users with a large screen, high resolution viewing experience from their
mobile devices. Microvision is currently developing a small accessory projector that would be
the first commercial product based on its PicoP display engine. The accessory
projector is expected to display images from a variety of video sources
including cell phones, portable media players, PDAs, gaming consoles, laptop
computers, digital cameras, and other consumer electronics products. It would
allow users to watch movies, play videos, and display photos and other data onto
a variety of flat or curved surfaces. Microvision expects that the accessory
product will be commercially available during 2009. The PicoP display engine, with some modification, could be embedded into a
vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone aftermarket device to create a
head-up display (HUD) that could project point-by-point navigation, critical
operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator. In
working with Tier 1 suppliers, the Company has produced prototypes that
demonstrate the PicoP's ability to project onto an automobile windshield a high-resolution
image readable during day or night. The Company believes that the
PicoP display engine could also be modified to be embedded into a pair of
glasses to provide a mobile user with a see-through or occluded personal display
to view movies, play games or access other content. The Company has worked with
the U.S. government and commercial customers to further develop the optical
design and integration of the PicoP display engine for wearable applications
such as helmet mounted displays and full color see-through eyewear. Microvision has incurred significant losses since inception. The Company's
operating plan for 2009 includes the launch of its first accessory product,
further development of the PicoP display engine for embedded applications and
further development of HUD and eyewear applications. The Company will require
additional capital in 2009 to fully fund its product launch and its other
development efforts. Microvision's operating plan calls for the addition of sourcing, technical
and other staff and the purchase of additional laboratory and production
equipment. The Company's capital requirements will depend on many factors,
including, but not limited to, the rate at which it can, directly or through
arrangements with OEMs, introduce products incorporating the PicoP display
engine and image capture technologies and the market acceptance and competitive
position of such products, the progress of its research and development program,
the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and
other intellectual property rights, competing technological and market
developments and the ability of the Company to establish cooperative
development, joint venture and licensing arrangements. If revenues are less
than anticipated, if the level and mix of revenues vary from anticipated amounts
and allocations or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, the Company may
require additional capital earlier than expected to further the development of
its technologies, for expenses associated with product development, and to
respond to competitive pressures or to meet unanticipated development
difficulties. In addition, the Company's operating plan provides for the
development of strategic relationships with systems and equipment manufacturers
that may require additional investments by Microvision. The Company plans to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or
debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional financing
will be available to the Company or that, if available, it will be available
on terms acceptable to the Company or on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not
available in the next several months to fully implement its plan, or planned revenues
are not generated, the Company will begin to reduce the scope of its business to
extend its operations as it pursues other financing opportunities and business
relationships. This reduction in scope could include product launch and delaying
projects resulting in reductions in staff and operating costs as well as
reductions in capital expenditures and investment in research and development.
With these adjustments to its operating plan, the Company believes it currently
has sufficient cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities to fund
operations through at least February 28, 2010. 2. Summary of significant accounting policies Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles of the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The Company's management has identified the following areas where significant
estimates and assumptions have been made in preparing the financial statements:
revenue recognition, valuation of auction-rate securities ("ARS"),
allowance for uncollectible receivables and management loans, inventory
valuation and valuation of derivative financial instruments. Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include Microvision and equity
investments in which Microvision has the ability to exercise significant
influence but does not have voting control. Cash and cash equivalents; investment securities, available-for-sale;
and fair value of financial instruments The Company's financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents,
investments available-for-sale, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued
liabilities and long-term debt. The carrying value of cash and cash
equivalents, investments available-for-sale other than ARS, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate fair value due to the short
maturities. In the case of the ARS, the carrying value approximates fair value
due to an other than temporary impairment adjustment. The carrying amount of
long-term debt at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was not materially different from
the fair value based on rates available for similar types of arrangements. The Company accounts for investment securities in accordance with the
provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("FAS") No.
115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities ("FAS 115") and FAS No. 157, Fair Value Measurements ("FAS
157"). FAS 115 addresses the accounting and reporting for investments in
equity securities that have readily determinable fair values and for investments
in debt securities. FAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.
FAS 157 was issued in September 2006 and the Company's adoption of FAS 157
effective January 1, 2008 for financial assets and liabilities did not have a
material impact on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. Included in the FAS 157 framework is a three level valuation inputs hierarchy
with Level 1 being inputs and transactions that can be effectively fully
observed by market participants spanning to Level 3 where estimates are
unobservable by market participants outside of the Company and must be estimated
using assumptions developed by the Company. The Company discloses the lowest
level input significant to each category of asset or liability valued within the
scope of FAS 157 and the valuation method as exchange, income or use. The
Company uses inputs which are as observable as possible and the methods most
applicable to the specific situation of each company or valued item. In accordance with FAS 115 and related guidance, the Company considers fair
valued assets impaired when the value is less than cost. When the impairment is
significant, the Company judges whether the impairment is temporary or other-than-temporary.
A significant impairment is generally considered other-than-temporary
in the period when there is deemed sufficient reason to conclude that
the fair value of the asset is not expected to fully recover prior to the
expected time of sale or maturity. The Company's cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale
are comprised of U.S. government and agency securities, corporate debt and,
since 2007, ARS. The Company classifies investment securities available-for-sale
purchased with 90 days or less remaining until contractual maturities as
cash equivalents. Investment securities purchased with more than 90 days until
contractual maturities are classified as current investment securities
available-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheet with unrealized gains and
losses included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. Interest
income, realized gains and losses, and other-than-temporary impairments are
recognized in the period earned or incurred and presented separately in the
consolidated statement of operations. Changes in the fair values of derivatives
are realized in the period of remeasurement and recorded in Gain (loss) on
derivative instruments, net in the consolidated statement of operations. The
cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Inventory Inventory consists of raw material, work in process and finished goods
for the Company's ROV and Flic products. Inventory is recorded at the lower of
cost or market with cost determined using the weighted-average method.
Management periodically assesses the need to provide for obsolescence of
inventory and adjusts the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable
value when required. In addition, Microvision reduces the value of its
inventory to its estimated scrap value when management determines that it is not
probable that the inventory will be consumed through normal production during
the next twelve months. Restricted investments As of December 31, 2008, restricted investments were in money market funds
and serve as collateral for $1.3 million in irrevocable letters of credit. Two
letters of credit totaling $982,000 are outstanding in connection with a lease
agreement for the corporate headquarters building in Redmond, WA. The required
balance decreases over the term of the lease, which expires in 2013. In
addition, a $350,000 letter of credit is outstanding under the terms of a
supplier agreement. Property and equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the
estimated useful lives of the assets (two to five years) using the straight-line
method. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of estimated
useful lives or the lease term. Revenue recognition Revenue has primarily been generated from contracts for further
development of the light scanning technology and to produce demonstration units
for commercial enterprises and the U.S. government. We recognize contract revenue as
work progresses on long-term cost plus fixed fee and fixed price contracts
using the percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total
expected contract revenue and costs. Our revenue contracts generally include a
statement of the work we are to complete and the total fee we will earn from the
contract. When we begin work on the contract and at the end of each accounting
period, we work with the members of our technical team to estimate the labor and
material and other cost required to complete the statement of work compared to
cost incurred to date. We use information provided by project managers, vendors,
outside consultants and others as we deem necessary to develop our cost
estimates. Since our contracts generally require some level of technology
development to complete, the actual cost required to complete a statement of
work can vary from our estimated cost to complete. We have developed processes
that allow us to make reasonable estimates of the cost to complete a contract.
Historically, we have made only immaterial revisions in the estimates to
complete the contract at each reporting period. Recognized revenues are subject
to revisions as the contract progresses to completion and actual revenue and
cost become certain. Revisions in revenue estimates are reflected in the period
in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. In the future,
revisions in these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in
any one reporting period. The U.S. government can terminate a contract with the
Company at any time for convenience. If the U.S. government cancels a contract,
we would receive payment for work performed and costs committed to prior to the
cancellation. The Company recognizes losses, if any, as soon as identified. Losses occur
when the estimated direct and indirect costs to complete the contract exceed
unrecognized revenue. The Company evaluates the reserve for contract losses on
a contract-by-contract basis. Revenue from product shipments is recognized in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 104, Revenue Recognition . Revenue is recognized
when the product is shipped, there is sufficient evidence of an arrangement, the
selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured.
Revenue for product shipments with acceptance provisions is recognized upon
acceptance of the product by the customer or expiration of the contractual
acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return. Provisions are
made for warranties at the time revenue is recorded. Warranty expense was not
material for any periods presented. Concentration of credit risk and sales to major customers Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents, investment
securities available-for-sale and accounts receivable. The Company typically
does not require collateral from its customers. The Company has an investment
policy that generally directs investment managers to select investments to
achieve the following goals: preservation of principal, adequate liquidity and
return. As of December 31, 2008, the Company's cash and cash equivalents and
investments available-for-sale securities portfolio are comprised of short-term
highly rated money market funds and commercial paper, and the student loan ARS
("SLARS"). As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Company held $3.0 million and $8.8
million in ARS, respectively. During February through May 2008, $5.8 million in
municipal ARS were sold at par value leaving $3.0 million in SLARS. As of
December 31, 2008, 90% of total cash and cash equivalents and investment
securities available-for-sale had variable interest rates or are very short-term
discount notes traded in active markets. Therefore, the Company believes its
exposure to credit market and interest rate risk is not material. The remaining
10% is composed of the $3.0 million par value SLARS. The SLARS are highly rated
long-term bonds and are structured with variable interest rate resets to be
determined via a Dutch Auction process every 28 days. However, beginning in
February 2008 as global credit markets significantly deteriorated, each auction
has failed rendering the SLARS temporarily illiquid through the auction process
and secondary markets for them. Given the adverse credit market conditions, the
fair value of the principal of these bonds has become affected by changes in
interest rates, the spread between short and long rates, and credit market
liquidity. As a result, in the quarter ended September 30, 2008, the Company
estimated that the fair value of the SLARS was approximately $2.7 million and
that the $300,000 adjustment was other than temporary. If market conditions
worsen, the Company may have to further adjust the estimated fair value of the
SLARS, including additional charges to earnings if it believes the adjustment is
other than temporary. In the event the Company needs access to the funds
invested in the SLARS, it could be required to sell them below the original
purchase value. Any of these events could affect the Company's consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, based on the
Company's current operating plan and ability to access its $25.5 million held in
cash and cash equivalents and other highly liquid investments held as of
December 31, 2008, it does not expect to be required to sell the securities
materially below the current estimated value. Concentration of Sales to Major Customers The United States government accounted for approximately 34%, 61%, and
51% of total revenue during 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Two commercial
customers accounted for approximately 15% and 11%, respectively, of total
revenue during 2008, one commercial customer accounted for approximately 15% of
total revenue during 2007 and one commercial customer accounted for
approximately 11% of total revenue during 2006. Contracts with three commercial
customers represented 35%, 22%, and 17% of total revenues during 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively. The U.S. government accounted for approximately
19% and 28% of the accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Income taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between
the financial statement and tax bases of the assets and liabilities that will
result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws
and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to
affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax
expense is recorded for the amount of income tax payable for the period
increased or decreased by the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities
during the period. Net loss per share Basic net loss per share is calculated on the basis of the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Net loss per
share assuming dilution is calculated on the basis of the weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding and the dilutive effect of all potentially
dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and convertible
securities. Net loss per share assuming dilution is equal to basic net loss per
share because the effect of dilutive securities outstanding during the periods
including options and warrants computed using the treasury stock method, is
anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, the Company excluded the following
convertible securities from diluted net loss per share as the effect of
including them would have been anti-dilutive. The shares shown represent the
number of shares of common stock which would be issued upon conversion as of
December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006. December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Publicly traded warrants 6,703,000 -- 12,362,000
Options and private warrants 9,804,000 9,518,000 10,906,000
Notes payable -- -- 620,000
 ----------- ----------- ----------
 16,507,000 9,518,000 23,888,000
 =========== =========== ========== Research and development Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Fair value of financial instruments The Company's financial instruments generally include cash and cash
equivalents, investments available-for-sale, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, accrued liabilities and long-term debt. The carrying amount of long-
term debt at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was not materially different from the
fair value based on rates available for similar types of arrangements. The
carrying value of the Company's financial instruments, other than ARS,
approximates fair value due to the short maturities. Long-lived assets The Company evaluates the recoverability of its long-lived assets when an
impairment is indicated based on expected undiscounted cash flows and recognizes
impairment of the carrying value of long-lived assets, if any, based on the fair
value of such assets. Stock-based compensation The Company has one stock-based incentive compensation plan as of
December 31, 2008 and a separate board of director stock-based compensation
plan. In June 2008, the Company determined it would no longer issue additional
options from the Independent Director Stock Option Plan. Both are more fully
described in Note 11. The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
accordance with the provisions of FAS No. 123, as revised December 2004, Share-Based Payment ("FAS 123(R)"). The Company adopted
FAS123(R) effective January 1, 2006. The Company accounts for non-employee
share-based compensation in accordance with the provisions of FAS No. 123 and
Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue No. 96-18. The following
table shows the amount of stock-based compensation expense included in the
statement of operations for each period shown: Year Ended December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Cost of contract revenue $ 85,000 $ 138,000 $ 80,000
Cost of product revenue 25,000 20,000 70,000
Research and development expense 824,000 365,000 246,000
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 1,873,000 1,274,000 1,429,000
 ----------- ----------- ----------
 $ 2,807,000 $ 1,797,000 $1,825,000
 =========== =========== ========== Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial
statements to conform to classifications used in the current year. These
reclassifications had no impact on net loss, shareholders' equity or cash flows
as previously reported. New accounting pronouncements In October 2008, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
("FASB") released a FASB Staff Position, FSP FAS 157-3 - Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When The Market for That
Asset Is Not Active , to clarify the application of the provisions of FAS 157
in an inactive market. Implementing this standard upon its issuance did not
have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and
results of operations. In February 2008, the FASB released a FASB Staff Position, FSP FAS 157-2 - Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 , which delays the effective date
of FAS 157 for all nonfinancial assets and liabilities, except those that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis, to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. The Company is
currently assessing the financial impact of FSP FAS 157-2 on its financial
statements. In June 2007, the EITF reached a final consensus on EITF Issue No. 07-1, Accounting for Collaborative Arrangements ("EITF 07-1"). EITF
07-1 discusses how to determine whether an arrangement constitutes a
collaborative arrangement, how costs incurred and revenue generated on sales to
third parties should be reported by the participants, how an entity should
characterize payments made between participants and what participants should
disclose in the notes to the financial statements about a collaborative
arrangement. EITF 07-1 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently assessing the financial impact of EITF 07-1 on
its financial statements. 3. Long-term contracts Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts
comprises amounts of revenue recognized on contracts that the Company has not
yet billed to customers because the amounts were not contractually billable at
December 31, 2008 and 2007. The following table summarizes when the Company
will be contractually able to bill the balance as of December 31, 2008 and
2007. Year Ended December 31,
 --------------------------
 2008 2007
 ------------ ------------ Billable within 30 days $ 688,000 $ 434,000
Billable between 31 and 90 days -- --
Billable after 90 days 7,000 9,000
 ------------ ------------
 $ 695,000 $ 443,000
 ============ ============ The Company's current contracts with the U.S. government are primarily cost
plus fixed fee type contracts. Under the terms of a cost plus fixed fee
contract, the U.S. government reimburses the Company for negotiated actual
direct and indirect cost incurred in performing the contracted services. The
Company is under no obligation to spend more than the contract value to complete
the contracted services. The period of performance is generally one year. Each
of the Company's contracts with the United States government can be terminated
for convenience by the government at any time. To date, the U.S. government has
not terminated a contract with the Company. In December 2007, we entered into a $1 million contract with a commercial
customer to develop prototype units based on our PicoP technology, for
evaluation of future consumer electronics product applications. The development
work under this contract was initiated and fully completed in 2008. In May 2007, the Company announced that it had entered into a $3,181,000
contract with the U.S. Air Force to provide a lightweight, see-through, full-color
eyewear display prototype to the government. The contract, which
continues a development effort with the Air Force, specifies the development,
design, verification, testing, and delivery of a lightweight, see-through
full-color wearable display for evaluation by several DOD project offices. As of
December 31, 2008 this contract had been completed. In September 2006, the Company entered into a 12 month development agreement
with Visteon, a major global Tier 1 automotive supplier, to develop a commercial
scanned-beam head-up display (HUD) product for automotive applications. Under
the agreement, Visteon and Microvision will design and produce a series of
advanced HUD samples, including devices specifically designed to be compatible
with automotive environmental requirements. As of December 31, 2007 this
contract had been completed. In September 2006, the Company entered into an 18 month, $5,945,000 contract
with General Dynamics C4 Systems to supply full-color, daylight readable, see-through
helmet-mounted displays as part of the U.S. Army's Mounted Warrior HMD
Improvement Program. General Dynamics holds prime contracts with the U.S. Army
for other Warrior programs including Land Warrior, Air Warrior and Future Force
Warrior Advanced Technology Demonstration. The contract specifies the
development and delivery of ten full-color display units for evaluation. As of
December 31, 2008 this contract had been completed. The following table summarizes the costs incurred on the Company's revenue
contracts: December 31, December 31,
 2008 2007
 ------------ ------------ Costs and estimated earnings incurred on uncompleted contracts $ 14,166,000 $ 9,357,000
Billings on uncompleted contracts (13,533,000) (9,884,000)
 ------------ ------------
 $ 633,000 $ (527,000)
 ============ ============ Included in accompanying balance sheets under the following captions: Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
 contracts $ 695,000 $ 443,000
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
 contracts (62,000) (970,000)
 ------------ ------------
 $ 633,000 $ (527,000)
 ============ ============ 4. Cash equivalents, investment securities, available-for-sale, and
fair value measurements The Company accounts for investment securities in accordance with the
provisions of FAS 115 and FAS 157. General descriptions of each are included in
Note 2. FAS 157 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in its principal or most advantageous
market in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. FAS 157 establishes a three level fair value inputs hierarchy, and
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable valuation inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs. A company is to utilize market data,
assumptions and risks it believes market participants would use in measuring the
fair value of the asset or liability, including the risks inherent in the inputs
and the valuation techniques. The hierarchy is summarized below. Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in markets that are not sufficiently active to qualify as level 1
or, other observable inputs. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data,
which requires a company to develop its own assumptions, which are significant
to the measurement of the fair values. The Company's investment securities are comprised of debt securities.
Generally, they are issued by the U.S. government, its agencies, corporations,
and currently, student loan financial aid organizations. Accounting for these
investments is discussed in Note 2. The principal markets for the debt securities are dealer markets which have a
high level of price transparency. The market participants for debt securities
are typically large money center banks and regional banks, brokers, dealers,
pension funds, and other entities with debt investment portfolios. As of December 31, 2007, the Company held $8.8 million aggregate par value of
ARS, $5.8 million in municipal ARS and $3.0 million in SLARS. The municipal ARS
were sold at par value during the period from February through May 2008. At December 31, 2008, the Company continued to hold $3.0 million par value
SLARS. The SLARS owned by the Company are highly rated long-term bonds,
structured with variable interest rate resets, purchases and sales to be
determined via a Dutch Auction process every 28 days. They were issued to fund
US government guaranteed student loans. However, beginning in February 2008 as
global credit markets significantly deteriorated, insufficient clearing bids
have been submitted for the SLARS. The auctions have thus failed, the interest
rates have been reset to "maximum rates" instead of "auction
rates" and the SLARS have been temporarily illiquid through the auction
process and secondary ARS markets. At the time of the Company's initial investment, and through the filing date
of this report, the SLARS held by the Company have maintained the following
credit factors: guaranteed by the Federal Family Education Loan Program ("FFELP")
and other federal and state student loan guarantee programs, collateralized by the student loans funded with the SLARS proceeds and
collections thereon, no declines in the credit ratings of the issuers; and, no material changes in loan collection rates. At the time of the Company's initial investment, the SLARS and AMBAC, the
insurer of half of the SLARS, held AAA ratings. As of December 31, 2008
one of the SLARS was downgraded to A by only one of its rating services.
AMBAC has since been down-graded to A by Standard & Poor's
and to Baa1 by Moody's rating services. Based on its revised lower rating of
AMBAC, Moody's reduced its rating on the insured SLARS to that of AMBAC,
Baa1. AMBAC is continuing actions to manage its credit rating. The U.S.
government guarantee on the student loan collateral reduces the impact of
the ratings changes on the SLARS. Prior to June 30, 2008, the Company used the market approach to measure fair
values of its investments in all debt and equity securities and the income
approach for derivatives. Under the market approach, prices and other relevant
information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable
assets or liabilities are used to estimate values. Under the income approach,
valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount are
used. During the quarter ended June 30, 2008, the Company determined the market
did not have sufficient liquidity and market participant activity to continue
supporting the market approach to value its SLARS, and changed to the income
approach. As of September 30, 2008, based on continuing low market liquidity and
auction failures with significant uncertainty as to when such conditions would
improve, the Company determined that the estimated fair value of the SLARS no
longer approximated par value, and the impairments were other-than-temporary.
The Company used a discounted cash flow model, with rates adjusted for
liquidity, to determine the estimated fair values of the SLARS as of September
30, 2008 and recorded an "impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale"
of $300,000 on the consolidated statement of operations. The
Company also reclassified the SLARS from Level 2 to Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy because of the significance of sufficiently unobservable assumptions
and inputs developed by the Company and used in the valuations. As of December
31, 2008, the Company derived the same conclusions regarding the valuation
approach, inputs hierarchy and fair values for the SLARS. The following table summarizes the activity for those financial assets where
fair value measurements are estimated utilizing Level 3 inputs: Balance, December 31, 2007 $ --
Transfer into Level 3, September 30, 2008 3,000,000
Recognized loss included in earnings (300,000)
 -----------
Balance, December 31, 2008 $ 2,700,000
 =========== The valuation inputs hierarchy classification for assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis in accordance with FAS 157 are
summarized below as of December 31, 2008: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- Assets
 Corporate debt securities $ -- $4,984,000 $ -- $ 4,984,000
 Auction rate securities -- -- 2,700,000 2,700,000
 ----------- ---------- ---------- -----------
 $ -- $4,984,000 $2,700,000 $ 7,684,000
 =========== ========== ========== ===========
Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 331,000 $ 331,000
 ========== =========== The corporate debt securities are classified within Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy because they are valued using actual and quoted pricing sources with
sufficient levels of price transparency using the market approach. The
liability associated with common stock warrants is classified within Level 2
because it is valued using the Black-Scholes option valuation method using
inputs with sufficient levels of observability using the income approach.
Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company's investments and liability associated with common stock warrants
are summarized below as of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007. Classification on Balance Sheet
 ---------------------------------------------------
 Liability
 Associated
 Investment With
 Cost/ Gross Gross Securities, Other Common
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Available- Current Stock
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Equivalents For-Sale Assets Warrants
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- As of December 31, 2008:
 Assets
 Corporate debt securities $ 5,022,000 $ -- $ (38,000) $ 4,984,000 $ 4,979,000 $ 5,000 $ --
 Auction-rate securities 2,700,000 -- -- 2,700,000 -- 2,700,000 --
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
 $ 7,722,000 $ -- $ (38,000) $ 7,684,000 $ 4,979,000 $ 2,705,000 $ --
 =========== ========== ========== =========== =========== =========== ==========
 Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 331,000 $ 331,000
 =========== =========== Classification on Balance Sheet
 --------------------------------------------------
 Liability
 Associated
 Investment With
 Cost/ Gross Gross Securities, Other Common
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Available- Current Stock
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Equivalents For-Sale Assets Warrants
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- As of December 31, 2007:
 Assets
 Corporate debt securities $ 9,074,000 $ 54,000 $ (5,000) $ 9,123,000 $ -- $ 9,123,000 $ --
 U.S. government and agency securities 4,486,000 3,000 (1,000) 4,488,000 -- 4,488,000 --
 Auction-rate securities 8,800,000 -- -- 8,800,000 -- 8,800,000 --
 Warrants -- -- -- 130,000 130,000
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
 $22,360,000 $ 57,000 $ (6,000) $22,541,000 $ -- $22,411,000 $ 130,000
 =========== ========== ========== =========== =========== =========== ==========
 Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 2,657,000 $ 2,657,000
 =========== =========== As of December 31, 2008, the unrealized losses on the Company's investments
in debt securities were due primarily to changes in interest rates and credit
market conditions. The realized gains and losses associated with the liability attributed to
common stock warrants were primarily due to changes in the Microvision stock
price and decreasing terms to expiration. The maturities of the investment securities available-for-sale as of December
31, 2008 are shown below: Gross Gross
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value
 ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ Maturity date:
 Less than one year $ 5,022,000 -- (38,000) $ 4,984,000
 Due in 1-3 years -- --
 Greater than five years 2,700,000 2,700,000
 ----------- ------------
 $ 7,722,000 $ 7,684,000
 =========== ============ 5. Inventory Inventory consists of the following: December 31, December 31,
 2008 2007
 ------------- ------------ Raw materials $ 45,000 $ 122,000
Work in process -- 10,000
Finished goods 1,480,000 629,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 1,525,000 $ 761,000
 ============= ============ The inventory at December 31, 2008 and 2007 consisted of raw materials, work
in process and finished goods for ROV and the discontinued Flic bar code
product. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost
determined on a weighted average basis. Management periodically assesses the
need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjusts the carrying value of
inventory to its net realizable value when required. In addition, Microvision
reduces the value of its inventory to its estimated scrap value when management
determines that it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through
the normal course of business during the next twelve months. In 2008, 2007, and
2006, Microvision recorded inventory write-downs of $475,000, $84,000, and
$1,181,000, respectively. During the second quarter of 2006, the Company
determined that it would no longer promote the Nomad product and recorded an
expense of $210,000 to reduce the value of Nomad inventory to zero. In
addition, the Company recorded $100,000 as additional accelerated depreciation
expense related to fixed assets used in Nomad production. Both inventory and
fixed asset balances related to Nomad production were zero at December 31, 2008
and December 31, 2007. 6. Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities consist of the following: December 31,
 ---------------------------
 2008 2007
 ------------- ------------ Bonuses $ 500,000 $ 1,500,000
Payroll and payroll taxes 809,000 656,000
Compensated absences 623,000 458,000
Deferred rent credit 311,000 306,000
Adverse purchase commitments 119,000 --
Professional fees 343,000 447,000
Other 840,000 787,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 3,545,000 $ 4,154,000
 ============= ============ 7. Property and equipment, net Property and equipment consists of the following: December 31,
 ---------------------------
 2008 2007
 ------------- ------------ Production equipment $ 3,124,000 $ 2,815,000
Leasehold improvements 3,310,000 3,304,000
Computer hardware and software/lab equipment 7,192,000 6,879,000
Office furniture and equipment 1,496,000 1,490,000
 ------------- ------------
 15,122,000 14,488,000
Less: Accumulated depreciation (11,421,000) (10,441,000)
 ------------- ------------
 $ 3,701,000 $ 4,047,000
 ============= ============ Depreciation expense was $989,000, $953,000, and $1,218,000 in 2008, 2007,
and 2006, respectively. 8. Receivables from related parties In 2000, 2001 and 2002, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to
provide unsecured lines of credit to each of the Company's three officers. The
lines of credit carry interest rates of 5.4% to 6.2% and were due within one
year of the officer's termination. In January 2006, two officers with outstanding loans left the Company and
their loans became due in January 2007. In May 2007, the Company foreclosed on
50,000 shares of Lumera common stock pledged as collateral for one of the
officer's loans and sold the shares for net proceeds of $227,000. A third
officer with outstanding loans left the Company in August 2007 and his loans
became due in August 2008. Under the terms of a settlement agreement with one of the former officers who
left in January 2006, the Company received payments of $241,000 in 2008. The
Company is pursuing collection of the remaining outstanding balances from the
other former officers. As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the total amount outstanding
under the lines of credit was $1,851,000 and $2,496,000, respectively. As of
December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, the allowance for receivables from
related parties was $1,851,000 and $2,496,000, respectively. The interest on the lines of credit is forgiven if the executive is an
employee of the Company at December 31 of the respective year. Compensation
expense of $22,000 was recognized in 2006, for interest forgiven. 9. Common stock In July 2008, the Company raised approximately $26.0 million, before
issuance costs of approximately $2.0 million, through a registered direct public
offering of 11,172,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 6,703,000
shares of its common stock. Details of the warrants are described below in Note
10. On June 21, 2007, the Company exercised its right to call its publicly traded
warrants issued in 2006. The Company received $34.1 million from the exercise
of 12,855,000 publicly traded warrants. In November 2006, the Company raised $7.9 million, before issuance costs of
$779,000, through an underwritten public offering of 3,318,000 shares of its
common stock. In June and July 2006, the Company raised an aggregate of $27.1 million,
before issuance costs of $2.2 million, through an underwritten public offering
of 11.6 million shares of its common stock and warrants to purchase 12.4 million
shares of its common stock. The warrants had an exercise price of $2.65 per
share, a five year term, and were not exercisable for one year from the date of
issuance. The Company could call the warrants after one year from the date of
issuance if the average closing bid price of its stock exceeded $5.30 for any 20
consecutive trading days. In connection with the offering, the Company issued
the underwriter a warrant to purchase 537,500 shares of Microvision common stock
at an exercise price of $2.76 per share. The Company also issued the
underwriter a warrant to acquire 537,500 warrants, identical to those sold in
the offering, at an exercise price of $0.16 per warrant. Both underwriter
warrants were issued with a 4 year term. In June 2007, the Company called the
public warrants as described above and the underwriter exercised the warrants
for warrants in connection with the call. 10. Warrants In July 2008, the Company raised approximately $26.0 million, before issuance
costs of approximately $2.0 million, through a registered direct public offering
of 11,172,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 6,703,000
million shares of our common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of
$3.60 per share, a five year term, and are not exercisable for one year from the
date of issuance. The Company can call the warrants after one year from the
date of issuance if the average closing bid price of its stock is over $7.20
(200% of exercise price) for any 20 consecutive trading days. The warrants are
listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the ticker "MVISW". On June 21, 2007, the Company exercised its right to call its publicly traded
warrants issued in its June and July 2006 financing transactions. The Company
received $34.1 million from the exercise of 12,855,000 publicly traded warrants. A total of 45,000
warrants expired unexercised. The following summarizes activity with respect to Microvision common stock
warrants during the three years ended December 31, 2008: Warrants to Weighted-
 purchase average
 common excercise
 Shares price
 ------------ --------- Outstanding at December 31, 2005 4,120,000 $ 6.99
Granted:
Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 12,900,000 2.66
Exercise price equal to intrinsic value 537,000 2.81
Exercised -- --
Canceled/expired -- --
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2006 17,557,000 3.50
Granted:
Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 537,000 2.65
Exercise price equal to intrinsic value 25,000 3.42
Exercised (13,803,000) 2.59
Canceled/expired (252,000) 6.30
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2007 4,064,000 6.19
Granted:
Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 6,703,000 3.60
Exercise price equal to intrinsic value -- --
Exercised -- --
Canceled/expired (1,257,000) 6.11
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2008 9,510,000 $ 4.32
 ============
Exercisable at December 31, 2008 2,807,000 $ 6.04
 ============ The following table summarizes information about the weighted-average fair
value of Microvision common stock warrants granted for the periods shown: Year Ended December 31,
 -------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ----------- ----------- ----------- Exercise price greater than fair value $ 1.59 $ -- $ 1.81
Exercise price equal to fair value -- 2.08 --
Exercise price less than fair value -- 0.47 2.00 The fair values of the Microvision common stock warrants granted were estimated
on the respective grant dates using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the
following weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 2008, 2007, and 2006,
respectively: dividend yield of zero percent for all years; expected volatility
of 65%, 47%, and 65%; risk-free interest rates of 3.2%, 4.9%, and 5.0% and
expected lives of 5, 0.3, and 5 years, respectively. The following table summarizes information about Microvision common stock
warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2008: Warrants outstanding Warrants exercisable
 --------------------------------- ------------------------
 Weighted
 Number average Weighted Number Weighted
 outstanding at remaining average exercisable at average
 December 31, contractual excercise December 31, excercise
Range of exercise prices 2008 life (years) price 2008 price
----------------------------------- ----------- --------- --------- ------------- --------- $2.76-$3.51 472,000 2.24 $ 2.93 472,000 $ 2.93
$3.60-$3.61 7,065,000 4.36 3.60 362,000 3.61
$3.77-$3.94 1,304,000 1.87 3.91 1,304,000 3.91
$5.03-$5.32 469,000 1.19 5.03 469,000 5.03
$34.00 200,000 1.61 34.00 200,000 34.00
 ----------- -------------
$2.76-$34.00 9,510,000 2,807,000
 =========== ============= 11. Share-Based Compensation The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in
accordance with the provisions of FAS123(R). FAS 123(R) requires all employee
share-based awards to be valued at fair value and expensed over the applicable
service period. The valuation of and accounting for share-based awards includes
a number of complex and subjective estimates. These estimates include, but are
not limited to, the future volatility of the Company's stock price, future employee
stock option exercise behaviors and future employee terminations. The Company uses
the estimated forfeiture and straight-line expense attribution methods. As a result of adopting FAS 123(R), the Company's net loss for each of the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 included $2.8 million, $1.8
million, and $1.8 million of share-based employee compensation expense. In
addition, basic and diluted net loss per share was greater by $0.05, $0.04 and
$0.05 per share, respectively. The share-based employee compensation expense charged against loss was as shown
below (in thousands): Year Ended December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Share-based employee compensation expense charged against loss $ 2,807 $ 1,797 $ 1,825
 =========== =========== ========== The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to non-employees in
accordance with the provisions of FAS 123 and EITF 96-18. Stock Option Exchange Subject to the terms of its tender offer filed in April 2006, on May 17,
2006, the Company exchanged 2.2 million existing options for 2.2 million new
options affecting 105 employees. The new options have an exercise price of
$2.77. The new options vested 25% on the grant date and will vest 25% on each
subsequent annual anniversary. The tender offer did not result in the
acceleration of vesting of any options. The new options have the same
expiration dates as the options exchanged. The Company also adjusted the
exercise price of 386,000 options not subject to the tender offer to $2.77 on
the same date affecting 19 employees. The tender offer was accounted for in accordance with FAS 123(R). The
Company will recognize $496,000 incremental fair value as additional non-cash
compensation. The incremental expense is recognized ratably over the vesting
periods of the options, 25% on the grant date with the remaining 75%
straight-line over the remaining vesting period. The incremental fair value of the
modified options was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with
the following assumptions. Pre- Post-
 modification modification
 ----------- ----------- Weighted average:
 Exercise price $ 8.84 $ 2.77
 Volatility 73% 65%
 Expected term (years) 6.9 4.2
 Risk free rate 5.0% 5.0%
 Pre-vest forfeiture rate 5.0% 5.0% Description of Incentive Plans The Company currently has two share-based incentive plans.
The 2006 Incentive Plan described below is administered
by the Board of Directors, or its designated committee
("Plan Administrator"), and provides for various awards as determined by the Plan Administrator.
The Company terminated using a second share-based incentive plan, the
Independent Director Stock Option Plan described below, in June 2008. In July 2006, the 1996 Stock Option Plan (the "1996 Plan") expired.
In September 2006, Company shareholders approved the 2006 Microvision, Inc.
Incentive Plan which amends, restates and renames the 1996 Plan ("2006
Incentive Plan"). All awards outstanding under the 1996 Plan remain
outstanding under the 2006 Incentive Plan. The 2006 Incentive Plan retained the
8.0 million share authorization of the 1996 Plan and permits
granting non-qualified stock options ("NSOs"), incentive stock options
("ISOs"), stock appreciation rights, restricted or unrestricted stock,
deferred stock, other share-based awards, or cash awards to employees, officers
and certain non-employees of the Company. Any award may be a performance-based
award. Awards granted under the 2006 Incentive Plan have generally been to
employees under non-qualified stock option agreements with the following
provisions: exercise prices greater than or equal to the Company's closing stock
price on the date of grant; vesting periods ranging from three years to four
years; expiration 10 years from the date of grant; and optionees who terminate
their service after vesting have a limited time to exercise their options
(typically three to twelve months). In June 2008, the Company shareholders
approved an amendment to the 2006 Incentive Plan to increase the common stock
reserved for issuance under the plan to 11.4 million shares and allow non-
employee directors to participate in the plan. The Independent Director Stock Option Plan ("IDSOP") has 900,000
shares authorized and permits granting NSOs to independent directors of the
Company. In June 2005, shareholders approved an amendment to the Director
Option Plan, increasing the number of shares reserved for the plan by 400,000 to
900,000 shares. Under the IDSOP, upon initial election or appointment to the
Board of Directors, Directors received a fully vested option to purchase 15,000
shares of common stock and a second option to purchase 15,000 shares of common
stock. Upon reelection to the Board, Directors received a subsequent option to
purchase 15,000 shares of common stock. The second initial option grant and any
reelection grant vested the earlier of one year from date of grant or the day
before the next regularly scheduled annual shareholder meeting. Grants awarded
under the IDSOP generally, had the following terms: exercise price equal to the
Company's closing stock price on the date of grant, expiration 10 years from the
date of grant, and vested grants remain exercisable until their expiration dates
if a director leaves the Board. In June 2008, the Company shareholders approved
an amendment to the 2006 Incentive Plan described above to allow non-employee
directors to participate in the plan. Annual grants were made to independent
directors from the IDSOP concurrent with each director's annual reelection in
June 2008. The Company does not intend to issue additional options from the
IDSOP. Options Valuation Methodology and Assumptions The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the
fair value of options granted and uses the closing price of its common stock as
the fair market value of its stock on that date. The Company considers historical stock price volatilities, volatilities of
similar companies and other factors in determining its estimates of future
volatilities. The Company uses historical lives, including post-termination exercise
behavior, publications, comparable company estimates, and other factors as the
basis for estimating expected lives. Risk free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve as published by
the U.S. Treasury. The following table summarizes the weighted-average
valuation assumptions and weighted-average grant date fair value of options
granted, excluding grants issued under the Company's tender offer which require
an incremental valuation methodology and are disclosed above, during the periods
shown below: Year Ended December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2008 2007 2006
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Assumptions (weighted average)
Volatility 65% 68% 72%
Expected term (in years) 5.1 6.2 6.1
Risk-free rate 3.0% 5.0% 5.0%
Expected dividends -- -- --
Pre-vest forfeiture rate 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%
Grant date fair value of options granted $ 1.32 $ 2.67 $ 2.26 Options Activity and Positions The following table summarizes activity and positions with respect to options
for the year ended December 31, 2008: Weighted
 Average
 Weighted Remaining
 Average Contractual Aggregate
 Exercise Term Intrinsic
Options Shares Price (years) Value
----------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- Outstanding at December 31, 2005 5,320,000 $ 11.09 6.8 $ 3,000
Granted * 4,280,000 2.99
Exercised (16,000) 2.77
Forfeited or expired * (3,873,000) 9.62
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2006 5,711,000 6.04 6.9 1,384,000
Granted 1,617,000 4.08
Exercised (84,000) 2.78
Forfeited or expired (1,790,000) 9.05
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2007 5,454,000 4.52 6.9 3,320,000
Granted 2,276,000 2.33
Exercised (143,000) 2.72
Forfeited or expired (590,000) 2.93
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2008 6,997,000 $ 3.98 7.2 $ 63,000
 =========== =========== ========== ===========

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2008 6,745,000 $ 4.02 7.1 $ 59,000
 =========== =========== ========== ===========

Exercisable as of December 31, 2008 3,163,000 $ 5.12 6.1 $ 27,000
 =========== =========== ========== =========== * Includes 2.2 million shares exchanged pursuant to stock option exchange
disclosed above The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended
December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were $87,000, $163,000, and $5,000,
respectively. As of December 31, 2008, the Company's unamortized share-based compensation
was $4.7 million. The Company plans to amortize this share-based compensation
cost over the next 2.4 years. In October 2008, the Company's Board of Directors approved the payment of one
half of each independent director's annual retainer fee to be paid in the
Company's common stock. The common stock was valued at intrinsic value on the
date of grant. A total of $50,000 was expensed on the grant date. Each
independent director received 7,092 shares of common stock. In March 2008, the Company's Board of Directors approved the issuance of
125,000 nonvested equity shares of the Company's common stock to the executive
employees under the terms and conditions of the 2006 Incentive Plan. The shares
vest over a three year period from the date of grant. The nonvested equity
shares were valued at intrinsic value on the date of grant and the share-based
compensation expense will be amortized over the three year service period. As of December 31, 2008, the Company's unamortized nonvested equity share-based
compensation was $177,000. The Company plans to amortize this nonvested
equity share-based compensation over the next 2.2 years. 12. Commitments and contingencies Agreements with the University of Washington ("UW") In October 1993, the Company entered into a Research Agreement and an
exclusive license agreement ("License Agreement") with the UW. The
License Agreement grants the Company the rights to certain intellectual
property, including the technology being subsequently developed under the
Microvision research agreement ("Research Agreement"), whereby the
Company has an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to make, use and sell or
sublicense the licensed technology. In consideration for the license, the
Company agreed to pay a one-time nonrefundable license issue fee of $5,134,000.
Payments under the Research Agreement were credited to the license fee. In
addition to the nonrefundable fee, which has been paid in full, the Company is
required to pay certain ongoing royalties. Beginning in 2001, the Company is
required to pay the UW a nonrefundable license maintenance fee of $10,000 per
quarter, to be credited against royalties due. Litigation The Company has sued its former CEO and President Richard Rutkowski and his
spouse to collect $1,733,000 in outstanding loans from the Company that were due
in January 2007 and remain unpaid. Counterclaims were filed by Mr. Rutkowski and
his spouse, seeking to recover damages in an amount in excess of $15,000,000.
The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend them
vigorously. However, an adverse outcome could have a material adverse affect on
its financial condition. The Company is subject to other various claims and pending or threatened
lawsuits in the normal course of business. The Company is not currently party to
any such other legal proceedings that management believes would have a material
adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or
cash flows. Lease commitments The Company leases its office space and certain equipment under noncancelable
capital and operating leases with initial or remaining terms in excess of one
year. The Company entered into a 90 month facility lease that commenced in February
2006. The lease includes extension and rent escalation provisions over the 90
month term of the lease. Rent expense will be recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. Future minimum rental commitments under capital and operating leases for
years ending December 31 are as follows: Capital Operating
 leases leases
 ------------- ------------- 2009 $ 47,000 $ 844,000
2010 40,000 870,000
2011 8,000 904,000
2012 -- 938,000
2013 -- 564,000
Thereafter -- --
 ------------- -------------
Total minimum lease payments 95,000 $ 4,120,000
 =============
Less: Amount representing interest (9,000)
 -------------
Present value of capital lease obligations 86,000
Less: Current portion (41,000)
 -------------
Long-term obligation at December 31, 2008 $ 45,000
 ============= The capital leases are collateralized by the related assets financed and by
security deposits held by the lessors under the lease agreements. The cost and
accumulated depreciation of equipment under capital leases was $1,017,000 and
$932,000, respectively, at December 31, 2008 and $1,017,000 and $886,000,
respectively, at December 31, 2007. Net rent expense was $861,000, $830,000, and $1,082,000 for 2008, 2007, and
2006, respectively. Sub-lease income of $0, $0, and $125,000 for 2008, 2007,
and 2006, respectively, was included as a reduction in rent expense. Long-term debt During 2006, the Company entered into a loan agreement with the lessor of the
Company's corporate headquarters in Redmond to finance $536,000 in tenant
improvements. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of 9% per annum, is
repayable over the initial term of the lease, which expires in 2013, and is
secured by a letter of credit. The balance of the loan was $393,000 at December
31, 2008. Adverse purchase commitments The Company has periodically entered into noncancelable purchase contracts in
order to ensure the availability of materials to support bar code scanner
production. Management periodically assesses the need to provide for impairment
on these purchase contracts and records a loss on purchase commitments when
required. In December 2008, the Company recorded a loss of $119,000 to cost of
product revenue as a result of commitments to purchase materials for the ROV
scanner that were in excess of its estimated future proceeds from the sale of
the ROV scanners. In December 2006, the Company recorded a loss of $310,000 to
cost of product revenue as a result of commitments to purchase materials for the
Flic scanner that are were excess of its estimated future proceeds from the sale
of the Flic scanners. 13. Income taxes A provision for income taxes has not been recorded for 2008, 2007, and 2006
due to the valuation allowances placed against the net operating losses and
deferred tax assets arising during such periods. A valuation allowance has been
recorded for all deferred tax assets because based on the Company's history of
losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates sufficient
uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2008, Microvision has net operating loss carry forwards of
approximately $217.6 million, for federal income tax reporting purposes. In
addition, Microvision has research and development tax credits of $4.3 million.
The net operating loss carry forwards and research and development credits
available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying
amounts from 2009 to 2027 if not previously utilized. In certain circumstances,
as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by
certain combinations of the Company's stockholders during any three-year period
would result in limitations on the Company's ability to utilize its net
operating loss carry-forwards. The Company has determined that such a change
occurred during 1995 and the annual utilization of loss carry-forwards generated
through the period of that change will be limited to approximately $761,000. An
additional change occurred in 1996; and the limitation for losses generated in
1996 is approximately $1,600,000. Deferred tax assets are summarized as follows: December 31,
 ----------------------------
 2008 2007
 ------------- ------------- Deferred tax assets, current
 Reserves $ 1,990,000 $ 2,460,000
 Other 996,000 712,000
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax assets, current 2,986,000 3,172,000
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax assets, noncurrent
 Net operating loss carryforwards 74,605,000 68,658,000
 R&D credit carryforwards 4,258,000 3,601,000
 Depreciation/amortization deferred 15,665,000 10,848,000
 Other 3,520,000 2,581,000
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax assets, noncurrent 98,048,000 85,688,000
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax liabilities, noncurrent
 Convertible debt (1,828,000) (1,209,000)
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax liabilities, noncurrent (1,828,000) (1,209,000)
 ------------- -------------
Net deferred taxes before valuation allowance 99,206,000 87,651,000
Less: Valuation allowance (99,206,000) (87,651,000)
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax assets $ -- $ --
 ============= ============= The valuation allowance and the research and development credit carry
forwards account for substantially all of the difference between the Company's
effective income tax rate and the Federal statutory tax rate of 34%. Certain net operating losses arise from the deductibility for tax purposes of
compensation under nonqualified stock options equal to the difference between
the fair value of the stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of
the options. For financial reporting purposes, the tax effect of this deduction
when recognized is accounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity. The Company adopted the provisions of FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , on January 1, 2007. The
Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits which would require an
adjustment to the January 1, 2007 beginning balance of retained earnings. The
Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2007 and at
December 31, 2008. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007
the Company recognized no interest or penalties. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and
various states. The tax years 2005-2007 generally remain open to examination by
major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 14. Retirement savings plan The Company has a retirement savings plan ("the Plan") that
qualifies under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). The Plan covers all
qualified employees. Contributions to the Plan by the Company are made at the
discretion of the Board of Directors. Under the Plan, the Company matches 50% of employee contributions to the Plan
up to 6% of the employee's per pay period compensation. During 2008, 2007, and
2006, the Company contributed $365,000, $295,000, and $308,000, respectively, to
the Plan under the matching program. 15. Segment Information Microvision operates as one segment. At January 31, 2006, Lumera was a
significant unconsolidated equity investment of Microvision. For the one month
period ended January 31, 2006, Lumera revenue was $168,000, gross profit was
$82,000, loss from operations was $1,109,000 and net loss was $1,040,000. 16. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) The following table presents the Company's unaudited quarterly financial
information for the years ending December 31, 2008 and 2007: Year Ended December 31, 2008
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31,
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- Revenue $ 1,525,000 $ 894,000 $ 1,622,000 $ 2,570,000
Gross Margin 287,000 285,000 719,000 1,469,000
Net loss available for common shareholde (9,873,000) (8,443,000) (9,266,000) (5,038,000)
Net loss per share basic and diluted (0.15) (0.13) (0.16) (0.09) Year Ended December 31, 2007
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31,
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- Revenue $ 2,988,000 $ 2,599,000 $ 2,662,000 $ 2,235,000
Gross Margin 1,092,000 846,000 999,000 941,000
Net loss available for common shareholde (6,022,000) (4,718,000) (2,155,000) (6,892,000)
Net loss per share basic and diluted (0.11) (0.08) (0.05) (0.16) 17. Subsequent Events During January 2009, the Company terminated 9 employees or approximately 5%
of its workforce. The Company expects to record expense of approximately
$202,000 related to the severance agreements for these employees in the first
quarter of 2009. The cost associated with the work force reduction will be
accounted for in accordance with FAS 146- Accounting for Costs Associated with
Exit or Disposal Activities , which requires that the liability for the costs
associated with the exit or disposal activity be recognized and measured at fair
value in the period in which the liability is incurred. MICROVISION, INC. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES SCHEDULE (in thousands) Additions
 ------------------------
 Balance at Charges to Charges to Balance at
 beginning of costs and other end of
 Description fiscal period expenses accounts Deductions fiscal period
------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------- Year Ended December 31, 2006
 Allowance for receivables from related parties 1,931 542 -- -- 2,473
 Tax valuation allowance 71,028 -- 5,537 -- 76,565

 Year Ended December 31, 2007
 Allowance for receivables from related parties 2,473 23 -- -- 2,496
 Tax valuation allowance 76,565 -- 11,086 -- 87,651

 Year Ended December 31, 2008
 Allowance for receivables from related parties 2,496 -- -- (645) 1,851
 Tax valuation allowance 87,651 -- 11,555 -- 99,206 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants in accounting
or financial disclosure matters during the Company's fiscal years ended December
31, 2008 and 2007. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive
Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO")
evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), prior to the filing of this Form 10-K. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2008, our
disclosure controls and procedures were, in design and operation effective. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its
evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31, 2008. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2008 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which
is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading
"Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm." (c) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. There have
not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended December 31, 2008 which have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K in Item 4A. The information required by this Item and not
provided in Item 4A will appear under the caption "Discussion of Proposals
Recommended by the Board" in the Proxy Statement, which section is
incorporated in this Item by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed prior
to the Company's annual shareholders' meeting scheduled to be held on June 25,
2009. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions
"Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation" and "Director Compensation for 2008" in
the Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated in this Item by
reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Information as of December 31, 2008 regarding equity compensation plans
approved and not approved by stockholders is summarized in the following
table: Equity Compensation Plan Information
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Number of Weighted- Number of securities
 securities to be average excercise remaining available for
 issued upon price of further issuance under
 excercise of outstanding equity compensation
 outstanding options, warrants plans (excluding
 options, warrants and rights securities reflected in
 and rights column (a))
Plan Category (a) (b) (c)
------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------- ------------------------- Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 6,996,000 $ 3.97 4,089,000
Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 233,000 29.79 --
 -------------------- -------------------------
 Total 7,229,000 $ 4.80 4,089,000
 ==================== ========================= In August 2000, the Company issued two non-plan warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 200,000 shares of Microvision common stock to two consultants in
connection with entering into certain consulting agreements with the Company.
Subsequently, one of the consultants was elected to the Board of Directors by
shareholders. The warrants were fully exercisable as of December 31, 2007. The
warrants have an exercise price of $34.00 per share and are exercisable prior to
their expiration in August 2010. As of the date of grant, all but 25,000 of the
underlying shares of common stock issuable to each consultant upon exercise of
the warrants were subject to lock-up restrictions that prevent the holder from
transferring such shares. The number of shares subject to the lock-up
restrictions is reduced by 25,000 for each consultant on each June 7 subsequent
to the grant date. Rather than issue shares of common stock upon exercise of
the warrants, the Company may elect to redeem the warrants if, in the opinion of
the Board of Directors upon advice of counsel, it would be unlawful to issue the
underlying securities. The warrants are transferable upon prior written
approval of the Company. The Company cannot unreasonably withhold such approval
with respect to transfers of warrants to purchase at least 10,000 shares that
are not subject to the lock-up restrictions. If the Company terminates the
consulting agreement due to the consultant's failure to provide consulting
services during the first three years of the agreement, the consultant must
return to the Company a pro-rata portion of the 75,000 warrants initially
subject to the lock-up restrictions based on the number of calendar days
remaining in the initial three year period. The number, class and price of
securities for which the warrants may be exercised are subject to adjustment for
certain changes in the Company's capital structure. The number of securities
and exercise price per share will be proportionately adjusted if outstanding
shares of the Company's common stock are divided into a greater number of shares
or combined into a smaller number of shares, or a stock dividend is paid on the
common stock. In the event of a change in the common stock from a merger,
consolidation, reclassification, reorganization, partial or complete
liquidation, or other change in the capital structure of the Company, the
Company will, as a condition of the change in capital structure, make provision
for the warrant holder to receive upon the exercise of the warrants the kind and
amount of shares of stock, other securities or property to which the holder
would have been entitled if, immediately prior to the change in capital
structure, the warrant holder had held the number of shares of common stock
obtainable upon the exercise of the warrants, and the exercise price will be
proportionately adjusted. In July 2005, Microvision issued a warrant to purchase 6,925 shares of common
stock to a third party for services. The warrant was immediately exercisable,
has an exercise price of $5.32 per share, and expires in July 2010. The number
and price of securities for which the warrant may be exercised are subject to
adjustment for certain changes in the Company's capital structure. Where the
outstanding shares of common stock are divided into a greater number of shares,
combined into a smaller number of shares, or a stock dividend is paid on the
common stock, the exercise price per share shall be proportionately adjusted by
the ratio of common shares outstanding immediately before and after the
transaction. In the event of a change in the common stock from a
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, or merger, the holder will be
entitled to receive, upon the exercise of the warrants, the same amount and kind
of securities, cash or property to which the holder would have been entitled if,
immediately prior to the change in capital structure, the warrant holder had
held the number of shares of common stock obtainable upon the exercise of the
warrants. In February 2007, Microvision issued a warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of
common stock to a third party for services. The warrant was immediately
exercisable, has an exercise price of $3.42 per share, and expires in February
2012. The number and price of securities for which the warrant may be exercised
are subject to adjustment for certain changes in the Company's capital
structure. Where the outstanding shares of common stock are divided into a
greater number of shares, combined into a smaller number of shares, or a stock
dividend is paid on the common stock, the exercise price per share shall be
proportionately adjusted by the ratio of common shares outstanding immediately
before and after the transaction. In the event of a change in the common stock
from a reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, or merger, the holder
will be entitled to receive, upon the exercise of the warrants, the same amount
and kind of securities, cash or property to which the holder would have been
entitled if, immediately prior to the change in capital structure, the warrant
holder had held the number of shares of common stock obtainable upon the
exercise of the warrants. The other information required by this Item will appear under the caption
"Information About Microvision Common Stock Ownership" in the Proxy
Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions
"Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and "Board
Meetings and Committees" in the Proxy Statement, which sections are
incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this Item will appear under the caption
"Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Proxy
Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of the report: Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 Consolidated Statements of Mandatory Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and
 Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Valuation and Qualified Accounts and Reserves for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are referenced or included in this report. 3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of Microvision, Inc., as amended (17)
3.2 | Bylaws of Microvision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.2 | Warrant No. 76 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued September 10, 2004 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (6)
4.3 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 11, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (7)
4.4 | Form of Warrant issued as of July 25, 2005 under the Master Amendment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (10)
4.5 | Warrant No. 1 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Partners, Ltd. (12)
4.6 | Warrant No. 2 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (12)
4.7 | Warrant No. 88 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 31, 2005 to Omicron Master Trust (13)
4.8 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (14)
4.9 | Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 3, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (15)
4.10 | Form of Underwriter's Warrant Agreement dated June 5, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and MDB Capital Group, LLC. (16)
4.11 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between Microvision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (18)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and Microvision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (5)
10.5 | Microvision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (17)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (4)*
10.7 | Executive Loan Plan and Related Form of Note. (3)*
10.8 | License and Development Agreement dated as of December 30, 2004 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. (8) +
10.9 | Employment Agreement between Microvision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated July 18, 2005. (9)
10.10 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and Microvision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (11)
23 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration
Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to
Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended June 30, 2002. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 5, 2003. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 10, 2004. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 14, 2005. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on July 7, 2005. (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2005. (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on August 10, 2005. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 2, 2005. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2005. (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on May 5, 2006. (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on May 31, 2006. (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on July 18, 2008. + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to
be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Report. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC.
Date: March 5, 2009 | By | Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the following capacities on March 5, 2009. Signature | Title
/s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jeff Wilson Jeff Wilson | Chief Financial Officer
/s/ Richard A. Cowell Richard A. Cowell | Director
/s/ Slade Gorton Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ Mark Onetto Marc Onetto | Director
/s/ Jeanette Horan Jeanette Horan | Director
/s/ Brian Turner Brian Turner | Director EXHIBIT INDEX The following documents are filed herewith or have been included as exhibits
to previous filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are
incorporated by reference as indicated below. 3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of Microvision, Inc., as amended (2)
3.2 | Bylaws of Microvision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.2 | Warrant No. 76 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued September 10, 2004 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (6)
4.3 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 11, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (7)
4.4 | Form of Warrant issued as of July 25, 2005 under the Master Amendment Agreement dated as of July 25, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (10)
4.5 | Warrant No. 1 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Partners, Ltd. (12)
4.6 | Warrant No. 2 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (12)
4.7 | Warrant No. 88 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 31, 2005 to Omicron Master Trust (13)
4.8 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (14)
4.9 | Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 3, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (15)
4.10 | Form of Underwriter's Warrant Agreement dated June 5, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and MDB Capital Group, LLC. (16)
4.11 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between Microvision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (18)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and Microvision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (5)
10.5 | Microvision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (17)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (4)*
10.7 | Executive Loan Plan and Related Form of Note. (3)*
10.8 | License and Development Agreement dated as of December 30, 2004 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Ethicon Endo-Surgery, Inc. (8) +
10.9 | Employment Agreement between Microvision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated July 18, 2005. (9)
10.10 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and Microvision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (11)
23 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration
Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to
Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, available at the SEC's Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 under the Company's
Commission File Number, 0-21221. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended June 30, 2002. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 5, 2003. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 10, 2004. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on March 14, 2005. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2004. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2005. (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2005. (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on August 10, 2005. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 2, 2005. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2005. (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2006. (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on May 31, 2006. (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the
quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (18) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on July 18, 2008. + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to
be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Report.