10-K 1 body10k.htm 10-K FY2008 10K DOC UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number 0-21221 Microvision, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185th Ave NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $.001 par value | NASDAQ Global Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files. Yes o No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer x | Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2009 was
approximately $233.8 million (based on the closing price for the registrant's Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global
Market of $3.07 per share). The number of shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding as of March 5, 2010 was 88,697,000. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in
connection with the registrant's Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 17, 2010 are incorporated herein by
reference into Part III of this report. Microvision, Inc. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. | Page
Item 1. | Description of Business | **
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | **
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | **
Item 2. | Properties | **
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | **
Item 4. | Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders | **
Item 4A. | Executive Officers of the Registrant | **
Part II.
Item 5. | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securites | **
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | **
Item 7. | Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | **
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks | **
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | **
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | **
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | **
Item 9B. | Other Information | **
Part III.
Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | **
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | **
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | **
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | **
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | **
Part IV.
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules | **
Signatures | ** PART I Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Such statements may include,
but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and
cooperative arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of Microvision, as well as assumptions relating to
the foregoing. The words "anticipate," "could," "believe," "estimate,"
"expect," "goal," "may," "plan," "project," "will," and
similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected in our forward-looking statements include the following: our ability to obtain financing; market
acceptance of our technologies and products; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors;
our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce
our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards
and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches; the ability to achieve key technical
milestones in key products; and other risk factors identified below in Item 1A. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are developing high-resolution miniature display and imaging engines based upon our proprietary PicoP®
display engine platform. Our technology platform utilizes our expertise in two dimensional Micro-
Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics, and electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a
small form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Historically, we have entered
into development agreements with commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototype and
demonstration units based on our light scanning technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply a proprietary display engine called PicoP to potential OEM customers who will
embed them into a variety of consumer and automotive products. The primary objective for consumer applications is to
provide users of mobile devices with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small embedded projector.
Mobile devices may include cell phones, PDAs, gaming consoles and other consumer electronics products. These
potential products would allow users to watch movies, play videos, display images, and other data onto a variety of flat
or curved surfaces. We recently launched the sale of a small accessory projector that is the first commercial product based on the PicoP
display engine. The accessory projector can display images from a variety of video sources including cell phones,
portable media players, PDAs, gaming consoles, laptop computers, digital cameras, and other consumer electronics
products. We have been selling the accessory projector in limited quantity through our Asian and European based
distributors. In March 2010, we announced the sales launch of the accessory projector to customers in the United States.
We plan to add distribution channels as the production capacity for our manufacturing partner, green laser suppliers and
other component suppliers increases. The PicoP with some modification could be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone
aftermarket device to create a high-resolution head-up display (HUD) that could project point-by-point navigation, critical
operational, safety and other information important to the driver or pilot. The PicoP could be further modified to be
embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with a see-through or occluded personal display to view
movies, play games or access other content. We develop and procure intellectual property rights relating to our technologies as a key aspect of our business
strategy. We generate intellectual property from our ongoing performance on development contracts and our internal
research and development activities. We also have acquired exclusive rights to various technologies under licensing
agreements. Technology Our bi-directional MEMS scanning mirror is a key component of our technology platform and is one of our core
competencies. Our MEMS design is a silicon device at the center of which is a tiny mirror. This mirror is connected to
small flexures which allow it to oscillate. The 2D MEMS scanner oscillates vertically and horizontally to capture
(imaging) or reproduce (display) an image pixel-by-pixel. 2D MEMS scanners are used in our PicoP display engine that
powers Pico Projector Displays, Vehicle Displays, and Wearable Displays. Our PicoP display engine technology platform includes a MEMS scanner, laser light sources, electronics, and optics
combined using our proprietary system control expertise, gained through years of internal research and development.
Our projection engines use a single beam of laser light and a single small scanning mirror to create a brilliant, full color,
high contrast, uniform display over the entire field of view, from a small and thin package. We believe that our proprietary PicoP technology offers significant advantages over traditional display and imaging
systems. Depending on the specific product application, these advantages may include: Small and thin package size Higher brightness and contrast Higher resolution Clear text readability Reduced power requirements Simpler optical design that does not require a focusing lens Lower price at volume Business Strategy Our business strategy is to promote our technology in the form of integrated and embedded components to
leading OEMs for widespread use in display and imaging product applications, as well as leverage our technology
expertise into our own end-user products. Presently we are focused on the following steps to implement our business
strategy: Continue to market and sell our accessory projector through multiple sales channels including distributors, OEMs,
and directly to end users. Target leading OEMs to integrate our PicoP display engines into their products. We have also worked with original
design manufacturers (ODMs) and Tier 1 suppliers to produce advanced prototypes and demonstration units to be used
to market to our partners' OEM customers directly by us or by our partners. Expand and solidify the supply chain architecture to support high volume manufacturing of the PicoP display engine,
its subsystems and its components. Continue to promote awareness of our technology platform to all members of the value chain. We have been
continually in contact with OEMs, ODMs and mobile content providers to understand the features our PicoP display
engines must have in order to provide desired benefits to all members of the value chain. We have and will continue to
consider this information as we design and develop our technology platform. Continue rapid advancement of our technology platform and roadmap. Product and Marketing Focus: Pico Projector Displays In addition to our recently launched accessory pico projector, we are working with partners to develop small
projector displays embedded into mobile products. The display industry is calling this new class of projectors "pico
projectors." We believe our PicoP display engine can meet the size, power and performance requirements to be
embedded into portable hand-held devices including mobile phones or function as a stand alone accessory device that
connects to a mobile video source such as a personal media player, cell phone or laptop computer. We plan to enter
into agreements with OEMs that will result in production and a distribution of the PicoP-based products. In September 2009, we launched the first PicoP display engine-based accessory laser pico projector with three
initial partners in Asia-Pacific and Europe. In March 2010, we expanded our distribution to the United States. The SHOWWX is a battery operated plug-and-play projector that can project a full color, WVGA (848 X 480 pixels),
DVD quality image with vivid colors and exceptional contrast that is always in focus. The SHOWWX has been certified
"Made for iPod" and is a Class 2 laser product that is safe for use by consumers. The SHOWWX is
manufactured by a high volume contract manufacturer who also builds the PicoP display engine. Vehicle Displays We believe an automotive head-up display (HUD) improves driver safety by eliminating the driver's need to look
away from the road to read information such as GPS mapping images, audio controls and other automobile
instrumentation. Working independently and with Tier 1 suppliers, we have produced prototypes that demonstrate our
PicoP's ability to project high-resolution images onto the windshield of an automobile, providing the driver with a variety
of information related to the car's operation. We believe that an automotive HUD based on our PicoP technology offers
three distinct advantages over competing head-up displays: Size - Our prototype display is less than half the size of current competitive offerings. This smaller form factor can
accommodate a wider variety of vehicle configurations. Contrast Ratio - Our prototype has a contrast ratio an order of magnitude higher than current competitive offerings.
The high contrast ratio allows the driver to see the display clearly day or night, in any ambient lighting conditions. Installation Cost - Our prototype can be electronically customized to match the unique curvature of a particular
automobile's windshield, thereby reducing installation time and cost. The current competitive offerings must be manually
adjusted to match the curvature of a windshield. We have worked with various Tier 1 automotive suppliers to develop PicoP enabled HUD prototypes and are
working to market them to their OEM customers. We have also developed a portable full color head-up display
demonstrator powered by the PicoP display engine to showcase the capabilities of the PicoP display engine for potential
use in automobiles, specialty vehicles, trucks, buses and motor coaches. We expect that our PicoP display engine
subsystem could be integrated by a Tier 1 supplier into their HUD product package for sale to automobile manufacturers
or by a product integrator into an aftermarket product for direct sale to their customers. Wearable Displays We believe our PicoP technology can be integrated with a light-weight optical design to create a full color near-eye
wearable display platform. This wearable display platform could be in the form of ruggedized helmet mounted display
systems or lightweight fashionable eyewear. Wearable displays could be used to provide personal viewing of
information from a mobile device through a wired or wireless connection. We believe that PicoP based wearable
displays could provide the following advantages over competing wearable display technologies: See-through performance - See-through eyewear displays enable the wearer to interact with the real world and
their personal mobile services at the same time. Unlike competing wearable displays, a see-through display does not
obstruct the wearer's vision or reduce their awareness of what is happening around them. Daylight readability - The high-brightness capability of color eyewear based on the PicoP display engine enables
images to be clearly visible in brightly lit ambient environments, including direct sunlight. Current LCD-based head worn
displays are difficult to see in bright light environments. Fashion and ergonomics - We are developing thin and lightweight optics that can be integrated with the PicoP
display engine so that our OEM partners can design wearable displays that match conventional eyewear frames in size
and weight and provide significantly improved ergonomics compared to competing wearable displays. We are working with the US military and commercial customers to further develop the optical design and integration
of the PicoP display engine for military applications such as helmet mounted displays and full color see-through
eyewear. We plan to work with OEMs and system integrators to incorporate the PicoP display engine into integrated
solutions for potential military and commercial customers. We have developed high definition display demonstrators
under contracts with commercial and government customers. Bar Code Scanners We currently market our line of ROV hand held bar code scanners and bar code scanner enabled enterprise
solutions. The ROV Scanner incorporates our proprietary MEMS technology and is designed to accommodate mobile
workers who need simple and affordable data collection solutions on the mobile platforms of their choosing. The ROV
Scanner has lower power consumption and total operating cost than many competing laser bar code scanners.
We distribute ROV Scanners directly to end users through value added resellers,
original equipment manufacturers and phone and internet orders. In the
second half of 2009, we reduced our sales and marketing efforts on the bar code product. We do not expect to increase
our investment in the bar code product in the future and we are currently evaluating opportunities to sell our existing bar
code inventory, sell or license our bar code production capability and technology. Go-To-Market Strategy We are evaluating opportunities to widely market our products using a variety of distribution channels such as
establishing partnerships with OEMs and distributors and establishing infrastructure to support direct marketing through
web-based, retail or other outlets. Our products may carry the Microvision brand or be branded and distributed by our
OEM or distribution partners. Certain potential applications using the PicoP display engines, such as an automotive HUD or pico projector for
mobile phones, requires integration of our technology with other related technologies. In markets requiring high volume
production of the PicoP display engine components or subsystems that are to be integrated with other components, we
may provide designs for components, subsystems and systems to OEMs under licensing agreements. We expect that some customers will require unique designs for their products. We expect that such relationships
will generally involve a period of co-development during which engineering, manufacturing and marketing professionals
from potential customers and OEMs would work with our technical staff to modify the PicoP display engine for their
targeted market and application. We may charge fees to our customers or OEMs to fund the costs of the engineering
effort incurred on such development projects. The nature of these relationships may vary from partner to partner
depending on the proposed specifications for the PicoP display engine, the product to be developed, and the customers'
or OEMs' design, manufacturing and distribution capabilities. We believe that by limiting our own direct manufacturing
investment for products, we will reduce our capital requirements and risks inherent in taking the PicoP display engine to
the consumer market. Human Factors, Ergonomics and Safety We conduct ongoing research on safety factors that must be addressed by products incorporating our technology,
including such issues as the maximum permissible laser exposure limits established by International Electrotechnical
Commission (IEC) and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye resulting from use of
the light scanning displays under normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible
exposure level set by IEC. In addition, we work with and commission outside independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting
safety specifications as requested by our customers. Competitive Conditions The information display industry is highly competitive. Our potential display products will compete with
established manufacturers of mature display technologies such as miniaturized cathode ray tube and flat panel display
devices, as well as companies developing new display technologies. Our competitors include companies such as Texas
Instruments Incorporated, 3M, and Light Blue Optics Ltd. in the pico projection display segment and Siemens VDO and
Nippon Seiki in the vehicle displays segment, most of which have much greater financial, technical and other resources
than we do. Many of our competitors are developing alternative miniature display technologies. Our competitors may
succeed in developing information display technologies and products that could render our technology or our proposed
products commercially infeasible or technologically obsolete. Pico projectors are an emerging class of miniature projectors that are generally handheld, battery operated, mobile
projectors. Most of the competing projectors currently on the market or planned for introduction in the next 6-12 months
are primarily based on either liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) panel solutions or Texas Instruments' DLP™ display
technology. Each of these solutions can create images from a small form factor of varying resolution, brightness, image
quality, battery life, and ease of use. The information display industry has been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our
technology and potential products may not remain competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient
funds to invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our technology platform and proposed
display products could deliver images of a substantially better quality and resolution from a smaller form factor device
than those of commercially available miniaturized liquid crystal displays and cathode ray tube based display products,
manufacturers of liquid crystal displays and cathode ray tubes may develop further improvements of screen display
technology that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated advantages of our proposed products. We compete with other companies in the display industry and other technologies for government funding. In
general, our government customers plan to integrate our technology into larger systems. Ongoing contracts are
awarded based on our past performance on government contracts, the customer's progress in integrating our
technology into the customer's overall program objectives, and the status of the customer's overall program. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We generate intellectual property from our ongoing performance on development contracts and our internal
research and development activities. The inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to component
miniaturization, specific implementation of various system components and design elements to facilitate mass
production. Protecting these key enabling technologies and components is a fundamental aspect of our strategy to
penetrate diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary
and patented technologies at the system, component and process levels. Since our inception in 1993, we have acquired under license agreements exclusive rights to various technologies,
including, among others, rights related to the ability to superimpose images on the user's field of view and with a retinal
display, and rights related to the design and fabrication of micro miniature devices using semiconductor fabrication
techniques. In some cases, the licensors have retained limited, non-commercial rights with respect to the technology,
including the right to use the technology for non-commercial research and for instructional purposes. Some licensors
have the right to consent to our sublicensing arrangements and to the prosecution and settlement by us of our of
infringement disputes. Our ability to compete effectively in the display and image capture market will depend, in part, on our ability and the
ability of the licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of these technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees
and, where appropriate, contractors, consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete
agreements. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection
for our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation
or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. Among the marks we have registered are "PicoP," "MicroHud" and the "tri-curve"
logo with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have filed for registration of various other marks including
"ROV" with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Additional Information We perform research and development to design and develop our technology platform and modifications to the
PicoP display engine that will be required for specific applications. Research and development expense for the fiscal
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 was $24.6 million, $22.6 million and $14.9 million,
respectively. To date, most of our revenue has been generated from development contracts to develop our technology
to meet customer specifications. Our customers have included both the U.S. government and commercial enterprises.
In 2009, 43% of revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with the U.S. government, 31% from
performance on development contracts with commercial customers and the remainder from sales of bar code scanner
and SHOWWX units. Two government customers accounted for 24% and 17%, respectively, of total revenue in 2009.
In 2008, 34% of revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with the U.S. government, 40% from
performance on development contracts with commercial customers and the remainder from sales of bar code scanner
units. Two commercial customers accounted for 15% and 11%, respectively, of total revenue in 2008. In 2007, 61% of
revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with the U.S. government, 25% from performance on
development contracts with commercial customers and the remainder from sales of bar code scanner and our
discontinued Nomad product. One commercial customer accounted for approximately 15% of total revenue during
2007. Our contracts with the U.S. government can be terminated for convenience by the U.S. government at any time.
See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We had a backlog of $3.9 million at December 31, 2009 compared to a backlog of $1.2 million at December 31,
2008. The backlog at December 31, 2009, is composed of $70,000 in government development contracts and $30,000
in commercial development contracts entered into through December 31, 2009 and $3.8 million in orders for ROV,
SHOWWX, prototype units, and evaluation kits. Microvision plans to complete all of the backlog contracts by the end of
2010. Employees As of March 5, 2010, we had 161 employees. Further Information Microvision was founded in 1993 as a Washington corporation and reincorporated in 2003 under the laws of the
State of Delaware. Our principal office is located at 6222 185 th Avenue NE, Redmond WA 98052 and
our telephone number is 425-936-6847. Our Internet address is www.microvision.com. We make available free of charge our annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Investors can access this material by visiting our
website, clicking on "Investors" and then on "SEC Filings." ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Relating to the Microvision Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain
profitable. As of December 31, 2009, we had an accumulated deficit of $331.6 million. We incurred consolidated net losses of $239.7 million from inception through 2006, $19.8 million in 2007, $32.6
million in 2008, and $39.5 in 2009. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently
encountered by companies formed to develop and market new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have
focused primarily on research and development of our technology platform and development of demonstration units. We
are unable to accurately estimate future revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development contracts or that we will be able to
obtain substantial customer orders for our products. In light of these factors, we expect to continue to incur substantial
losses and negative cash flow at least through 2010 and likely thereafter. We cannot be certain that we will achieve
positive cash flow at any time in the future. We will require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business
plan. If we do not obtain additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations substantially. Raising additional
capital may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our
operations through the first quarter of 2011. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time.
We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly
or through arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce products incorporating the PicoP display
engine and image capture technologies and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products. If
revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues vary from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the
amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to further the development of our
technologies, for expenses associated with product development, and to respond to competitive pressures or to meet
unanticipated development difficulties. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic
relationships with systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us, or if available, on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising
additional capital may involve issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and
may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis we may be
required limit our operations substantially. This limitation of operations may include delaying development projects
resulting in reductions in staff and operating costs as well as reductions in capital expenditures and investment in
research and development If we cannot manufacture products at competitive prices, our financial results will be adversely affected. We are currently negotiating component pricing with suppliers for our current and future products. The cost per unit
for PicoP based accessory projectors currently exceeds the level at which we could expect to profitably sell these
products. If we cannot lower our cost of production, we may face increased demands on our financial resources,
possibly requiring additional equity and/or debt financing to sustain our business operations. We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating our PicoP display engine will achieve
market acceptance. If products incorporating the PicoP display engine do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues
may not grow. Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of the PicoP display engine. The PicoP display engine
may not be accepted by manufacturers who use display technologies in their products, by systems integrators who
incorporate our products into their products or by end users of these products. To be accepted, the PicoP display
engine must meet the expectations of our potential customers in the consumer, defense, industrial, and medical
markets. If our technology fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to continue to develop our
technology platform. Our planned future products are dependent on advances in technology by other companies. We rely on and will continue to rely on technologies, such as light sources, MEMS and optical components that are
developed and produced by other companies. The commercial success of certain of our planned future products will
depend in part on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may, from time to time, contract
with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for our specific
uses. There are no guarantees that such activities will result in useful technologies or components for us. It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market. Our common stock is listed for quotation on The NASDAQ Global Market. To keep our listing on this market, we
must meet NASDAQ's listing maintenance standards. If we are unable to continue to meet NASDAQ's listing
maintenance standards, our common stock could be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Market. If our common stock
were delisted, we likely would seek to list the common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the American Stock
Exchange or on a regional stock exchange. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity for our
common stock. If our common stock were not listed on the Capital Market or an exchange, trading of our common stock
would be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities or
directly through market makers in our common stock. If our common stock were to trade in the over-the-counter market,
an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock.
A delisting from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on such other market or exchange would
subject our securities to so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making
requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from The
NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness
of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of purchasers of our common stock to sell
their securities in the secondary market. In addition, when the market price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per
share, we become subject to penny stock rules even if our common stock is still listed on The NASDAQ Global Market.
While the penny stock rules should not affect the quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market, these
rules may further limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of investors to sell our common stock in
the secondary market. The market price of our stock has mostly traded below $5.00 per share during 2009, 2008, and
2007. On March 5, 2010, the closing price of our stock was $2.69. Our lack of the financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential
profits, overall market share or value. Our current products and potential future products will compete with established manufacturers of existing products
and companies developing new technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical
and other resources than we have. Because of their greater resources, our competitors may develop products or
technologies that are superior to our own. The introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result
in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share, any of which could reduce the value of our business. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer. The information display industry has been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product
obsolescence and continuously evolving industry standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop
our technology platform and to cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely manner to meet evolving
customer requirements and compete with competitors' product advances. We may not succeed in these efforts because of: delays in product development, lack of market acceptance for our products, or lack of funds to invest in product development and marketing. The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value. We could face lawsuits related to our use of the PicoP display engine or other technologies. Defending these
suits would be costly and time consuming. An adverse outcome in any such matter could limit our ability to
commercialize our technology and products, reduce our revenues and increase our operating expenses. We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and
image capture products. These patents could be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our
ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents or patents we have licensed. A successful challenge to
the validity of our patents or patents we have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and the
PicoP display engine and, consequently, materially reduce our revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent
holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to current and future technology. Because
U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that presently pending U.S. applications
will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and
prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us.
An adverse outcome in the defense of a patent suit could subject us to significant cost, to require others and us to cease
selling products that incorporate the PicoP display engine, to cease licensing our technology or to require disputed rights
to be licensed from third parties. Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if
claims of infringement are asserted against our future co-development partners or customers, those partners or
customers may seek indemnification from us for damages or expenses they incur. Our products may be subject to future health and safety regulations that could increase our development and
production costs. Products incorporating the PicoP display engine could become subject to new health and safety regulations that
would reduce our ability to commercialize the PicoP display engine. Compliance with any such new regulations would
likely increase our cost to develop and produce products using the PicoP display engine and adversely affect our
financial results. Our dependence on sales to distributors increases the risks of managing our supply chain and may result in
excess inventory or inventory shortages. We expect the majority of our distributor relationships for the SHOWWX and its accessories to involve the distributor
taking inventory positions and reselling to multiple customers. With these distributor relationships, we would not
recognize revenue until the distributors sell the product through to their end user customers. Our distributor
relationships may reduce our ability to forecast sales and increases risks to our business. Since our distributors would
act as intermediaries between us and the end user customers, we would be required to rely on our distributors to
accurately report inventory levels and production forecasts. This may require us to manage a more complex supply
chain and monitor the financial condition and credit worthiness of our distributors and the end user customers. Our
failure to manage one or more of these risks could result in excess inventory or shortages that could adversely impact
our operating results and financial condition. Our future growth will suffer if we do not achieve sufficient market acceptance of our products to compete
effectively. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to gain acceptance of our current and future products by a large number
of customers. Achieving market acceptance for our products will require marketing efforts and the expenditure of
financial and other resources to create product awareness and demand by potential customers. We may be unable to
offer products consistently, or at all, that compete effectively with products of others on the basis of price or
performance. Failure to achieve broad acceptance of our products by potential customers and to effectively compete
would have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and
specific conditions in the markets we address. In the recent past, general worldwide
economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased
energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business
conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and
financial conditions could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for
our current and future products and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our operating results could be harmed by
economic, political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. We currently use a contract manufacturer in Asia to manufacture our SHOWWX product, and we plan to use foreign
manufacturers to manufacture future products, where appropriate. These international operations are subject to
inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including: political and economic instability; high levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; foreign taxes; changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and changes or volatility in currency exchange rates. If we have to qualify a new contract manufacturer or foundry for our products, we may experience delays that
result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. We rely on single suppliers to manufacture our PicoP display engine, our SHOWWX product and our MEMS chips in
wafer form. The lead time required to establish a relationship with a new contract manufacturer or foundry is long, and it
takes time to adapt a product's design to a particular manufacturer's processes. Accordingly, there is no readily
available alternative source of supply for these products and components in high volumes. This could cause significant
delays in shipping products if we have to change our source of supply and manufacture quickly, which may result in lost
revenues and damaged customer relationships. If we experience delays or failures in developing commercially viable products, we may have lower revenues. We have begun sales of units incorporating the PicoP display engine. However, we must undertake additional
research, development and testing before we are able to develop additional products for commercial sale. Product
development delays by us or our potential product development partners, or the inability to enter into relationships with
these partners, may delay or prevent us from introducing products for commercial sale. We intend to rely on third party
developments or to contract with other companies to continue development of green laser devices we will need for our
products. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant third party manufacturing resources. We are developing our capability to manufacture products in commercial quantities. Our success depends, in part,
on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive prices.
Accordingly, we will be required to obtain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing
capacity and processes for the commercial production of our expected future products. We cannot be certain that we
will successfully obtain access to sufficient manufacturing resources. Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers
could result in a limitation on the number of products incorporating our technology that we are able to produce. If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products and
technology, we may be unable to compete with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual
property protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our
commercial success will depend in part on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of
the PicoP display and other key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining
unpatented technology as trade secrets. We try to protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain United States
and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third-party patents, related to proprietary technology, inventions, and
improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However, our patent position and the patent
position of our licensors involve complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United States Patent and
Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and
can change. Additionally, the scope of patents are subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to
challenges and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we
cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the
extent to which the patents that we already own or license from others protect our products and technology. Reduction
in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable
other companies to develop products that compete with ours on the basis of the same or similar technology. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive
position. We try to protect this know-how and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our
employees, contractors and partners with a need to know such information and by entering into confidentiality
agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these
parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or confidential information, or our competitors might
learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or
independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be materially harmed. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert
management attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We may be subject to product liability claims if any of our product applications are alleged to be defective or cause
harmful effects. For example, because some of our PicoP displays are designed to scan a low power beam of colored
light into the user's eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products involve an inherent risk that
product liability claims will be asserted against us. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products,
regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management time
and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance of our products. Any
successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on
commercially desirable or reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or
otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our
products. We rely heavily on a limited number of development contracts with the U.S. government, which are subject to
immediate termination by the government for convenience at any time, and the termination of one or more of these
contracts could have a material adverse impact on our operations. During the full years 2009, 2008 and 2007, 43%, 34% and 61% respectively, of our revenue was derived from
performance on a limited number of development contracts with the U.S. government. Therefore, any significant
disruption or deterioration of our relationship with the U.S. government would significantly reduce our revenues. Our
government programs must compete with programs managed by other contractors for limited amounts and uncertain
levels of funding. The total amount and levels of funding are susceptible to significant fluctuations on a year-to-year
basis. Our competitors continuously engage in efforts to expand their business relationships with the government and
are likely to continue these efforts in the future. Our contracts with the government are subject to immediate termination
by the government for convenience at any time. The government may choose to use contractors with competing display
technologies or it may decide to discontinue any of our programs altogether. In addition, those development contracts
that we do obtain require ongoing compliance with applicable government regulations. Termination of our development
contracts, a shift in government spending to other programs in which we are not involved, a reduction in government
spending generally, or our failure to meet applicable government regulations could have severe consequences for our
results of operations. Our development agreements have long sales cycles, which make it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast
our revenues. Our development agreements have lengthy sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determination of a
product application, exploring the technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a
product and manufacturing or contracting out the manufacturing of the product. Our long sales cycle, which can last
several years, makes it difficult to predict the quarter in which contract signing and revenue recognition will occur.
Delays in entering into development agreements could cause significant variability in our revenues and operating results
for any particular quarterly period. Our development contracts may not lead to products that will be profitable. Our development contracts, including without limitation those discussed in this document are exploratory in nature
and are intended to develop new types of products for new applications. These efforts may prove unsuccessful and
these relationships may not result in the development of products that will be profitable. If we lose our rights under our third party technology licenses, our operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends in part on technology rights licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other
rights to use the technology under our licenses if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the
licenses. In addition, certain licensors may terminate a license upon our breach and have the right to consent to
sublicense arrangements. If we were to lose our rights under any of these licenses, or if we were unable to obtain
required consents to future sublicenses, we could lose a competitive advantage in the market, and may even lose the
ability to commercialize certain products completely. Either of these results could substantially decrease our
revenues. We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market our products. Our strategy for commercializing our technology and products incorporating the PicoP display engine includes
entering into cooperative development, manufacturing, sales and marketing arrangements with corporate partners,
original equipment manufacturers and other third parties. We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate
arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable
products. If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require additional capital to undertake such activities on
our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing expertise that we do not currently possess and
that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant delays in introducing the PicoP display engine
or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating the PicoP display engine would not be
feasible. To the extent that we enter into cooperative development, sales and marketing or other joint venture
arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We cannot be certain that any such
arrangements will be successful. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain
qualified new personnel. Achievement of our business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the
areas of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing. Competition for qualified
personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of
key personnel, could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business. We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our quarterly performance may vary
substantially and this variance, as well as general market conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and
potentially expose us to litigation. Our revenues to date have been generated primarily from a limited number of development contracts with U.S.
government entities and commercial partners. Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly based on: reductions or delays in funding of development programs involving new information display technologies by the U.S.
government or our current or prospective commercial partners; changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry
generally; announcements by other companies in our industry; changes in business or regulatory conditions; announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; the status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development
agreements; economic and stock market conditions; or other factors unrelated to our company or industry. In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors and the trading price of our common stock may decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of
volatility in the market price of a company's securities, shareholders often have instituted securities class action litigation
against that company. If we become involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if
adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial damages. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an
effective planning and management process. The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third
parties has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management systems and resources. We will
need to continue to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and will need to
continue to train and manage our work force. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently lease approximately 67,000 square feet of combined use office, laboratory and manufacturing space at
our headquarters facility in Redmond, Washington. The 90 month lease expires in 2013. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not
currently party to any other legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS There were no matters submitted to a vote of shareholders during the fourth quarter of the year ending December
31, 2009. ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and duly
qualified. Mr. Tokman also serves as a director of Microvision. The following persons serve as executive officers of
Microvision: Alexander Tokman, age 48, has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director of Microvision since
January 2006. Mr. Tokman served as Microvision's President and Chief Operating Officer from July 2005 to January
2006. Mr. Tokman, a former GE executive, joined Microvision after a 10-year tenure at GE Healthcare, a subsidiary of
General Electric, where he led several global businesses, most recently as General Manager of its Global Molecular
Imaging and Radiopharmacy multi-technology business unit from 2003 to 2005. Prior to that, between 1995 and 2003,
Mr. Tokman served in various cross-functional and cross-business leadership roles at GE where he led the definition
and commercialization of several medical modalities product segments including PET/CT, which added over $500
million of revenue growth to the company within the first three years of its commercial introduction. Mr. Tokman is a
certified Six Sigma and Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) Black Belt and Master Black Belt and as one of GE's Six Sigma
pioneers, he drove the quality culture change across GE Healthcare in the late 1990s. From November 1989 to March
1995 Mr. Tokman served as new technologies programs lead and a head of I&RD office at Tracor Applied Sciences
a subsidiary of then Tracor, Inc. Mr. Tokman has both an M.S. and B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of
Massachusetts, Dartmouth. Michael L. Fritts, age 46, joined Microvision in February 2010 as Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Business
Development. Mr. Fritts previously worked for GE Healthcare from 1987 to 2010 where he held various management
and other positions. For the past two years, Mr. Fritts served as General Manager of a newly created business segment
within the $1.7B Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) Division, leading GE Healthcare's growth in the emerging
Interventional MRI market. Mr. Fritts had responsibility for a global team developing new products, establishing
partnerships and collaborations, building market awareness, and working extensively with sales and marketing teams
around the world to commercialize products. In previous management roles, Mr. Fritts led international and domestic
teams that focused on new product development. Mr. Fritts has also led the integration of various acquired companies
into GE Healthcare. Mr. Fritts is a certified Six Sigma and Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) Quality Leader, has completed
the Executive M.B.A. program at the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University, and received
a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from South Dakota School of Mines and Technology. Sid Madhavan, age 43, joined Microvision in April 2006 as Vice President of Research and Product Development.
Madhavan previously worked for GE Healthcare from 1998 to 2006 where he held various management positions and
most recently served as a Global Engineering Subsystem Manager for a $2.1 billion Molecular Imaging and Computer
Tomography business. He is a certified Six Sigma and Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) Black Belt and functional Master
Black Belt and as an engineering leader, he led the definition and development of several key technology platform
strategies that he translated into product launches. Madhavan brings over twenty years of cross-functional new product
development experience, systems and software expertise, platform development and global management skills and
received his B.S. degree in Electronics and Communications from Madurai Kamaraj University in India and his M.S. in
Electrical Engineering from Texas A&M. Thomas M. Walker, age 45, joined Microvision in May 2002 and serves as Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary. Prior to joining Microvision, Mr. Walker served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of
Advanced Radio Telecom Corp., a publicly held technology and services company where he managed domestic and
international legal affairs from April 1996 to April 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Walker advised publicly and privately held
businesses while practicing in the Los Angeles offices of the law firms of Pillsbury Winthrop and Buchalter, Nemer Fields
and Younger. Mr. Walker holds a B.A. from Claremont McKenna College and a J.D. from the University of Oregon. Jeff T. Wilson, age 49, has served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2006, Principal Financial Officer since
January 2006 and Principal Accounting Officer of Microvision since August 1999. Mr. Wilson served as Vice President,
Accounting of Microvision from April 2002 to April 2006 and as Director of Accounting of Microvision from August 1999
to March 2002. Prior to joining Microvision, from 1991 to 1999, Mr. Wilson served in various accounting positions for
Siemens Medical Systems, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of medical imaging equipment. Prior to 1991, Mr. Wilson
served as a manager with the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Wilson is a Certified Public
Accountant. Mr. Wilson holds a B.S. in Accounting from Oklahoma State University. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "MVIS." As of March
5, 2010, there were approximately 365 holders of record of 88,697,000 shares of common stock outstanding. We have
never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future
earnings to fund the operations of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on the common stock in the
foreseeable future. Our common stock began trading publicly on August 27, 1996. The quarterly high and low sales prices of the
Company's common stock for each full quarterly period in the last two fiscal years and the year to date as reported by
The NASDAQ Global Market are as follows: Common Stock
 --------------------
Quarter Ended HIGH LOW
 --------- --------- 2008
March 31, 2008 $ 4.65 $ 1.82
June 30, 2008 4.05 2.35
September 30, 2008 3.16 1.85
December 31, 2008 2.20 1.06 2009 March 31, 2009 $ 2.20 $ 0.77
June 30, 2009 3.30 1.20
September 30, 2009 5.71 2.70
December 31, 2009 5.75 2.90 2010 January 1, 2010 to March 5, 2010 $ 3.63 $ 1.92 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA A summary of selected financial data as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2009 is set forth below. It
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this
Form 10-K. Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- (in thousands, except per share data) Statement of Operations Data: Revenue $ 3,833 $ 6,611 $ 10,484 $ 7,043 $ 14,746
Net loss available for common shareholders (39,529) (32,620) (19,787) (27,257) (30,284)
Basic and diluted net loss per share (0.54) (0.53) (0.40) (0.81) (1.35)
Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted 73,760 61,643 49,963 33,572 22,498 Balance Sheet Data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 43,025 $ 25,533 $ 13,399 $ 14,552 $ 6,860
Investments available-for-sale 2,710 2,705 22,411 -- --
Working capital 38,221 24,347 30,043 19,160 (4,723)
Total assets 53,536 36,964 45,298 35,325 23,363
Long-term liabilities 1,471 1,776 2,201 2,616 4,412
Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock -- -- -- -- 4,166
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) 41,891 27,651 33,061 21,864 (3,509) ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are developing high-resolution miniature display and imaging engines based upon our proprietary
PicoP® display engine platform. Our technology platform utilizes our expertise in two dimensional Micro-Electrical
Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a
small form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply a proprietary display engine called PicoP to potential OEM customers who will
embed them into a variety of consumer and automotive products. The primary objective for consumer applications is to
provide users of mobile devices with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small embedded projector.
Mobile devices may include cell phones, PDAs, gaming consoles and other consumer electronics products. These
potential products would allow users to watch movies, play videos, display images, and other data onto a variety of flat
or curved surfaces. We recently launched the sale of a small accessory projector that is the first commercial product based on the PicoP display
engine. The accessory projector can display images from a variety of video sources including cell phones, portable
media players, PDAs, gaming consoles, laptop computers, digital cameras, and other consumer electronics products.
We have been selling the accessory projector in limited quantity through our Asian and European based distributors. In
March 2010, we announced the sales launch of the accessory projector to customers in the United States. We plan to add distribution
channels as the production capacity for our manufacturing partner, green laser suppliers and other component suppliers increases. The PicoP with some modification could be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone
aftermarket device to create a high-resolution head-up display (HUD) that could project point-by-point navigation, critical
operational, safety and other information important to the driver or pilot. The PicoP could be further modified to be
embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with a see-through or occluded personal display to view
movies, play games or access other content. We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a substantial loss during the fiscal year
ending December 31, 2010. Key Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We
evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. We base our estimates on historical experience, terms of existing
contracts, our evaluation of trends in the display and image capture industries, information provided by our current and
prospective customers and strategic partners, information available from other outside sources, and on various other
assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following key accounting policies require more significant judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements: Revenue Recognition. We recognize contract revenue as work progresses on long-term, cost plus fixed fee,
and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total expected
contract revenue and costs. Our revenue contracts generally include a statement of the work we are to complete and
the total fee we will earn from the contract. When we begin work on the contract and at the end of each accounting
period, we estimate the labor, material and other cost required to complete the statement of work compared to cost
incurred to date. We use information provided by our technical team, project mangers, vendors, outside consultants and
others to develop our cost estimates. Since our contracts generally require some level of technology development to
complete, the actual cost required to complete a statement of work can vary from our estimates. We have developed
processes that allow us to make reasonable estimates of the cost to complete a contract. Historically, we have made
only immaterial revisions in the estimates to complete the contract at each reporting period. Recognized revenues are
subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion and actual revenue and cost become certain. Revisions in
revenue estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. In the
future, revisions in these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period. If the U.S.
government cancels a contract, we would receive payment for work performed and costs committed to prior to the
cancellation. We recognize product revenue and contract revenue on the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits, upon
acceptance of the deliverables by the customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after which there are
no rights of return. In the future, we expect to enter into distribution relationships which involve the distributor taking
inventory positions and reselling to multiple customers. With these distributor relationships, we would not recognize
revenue until the distributors sell the product through to their end user customers. Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on
development contracts and producing prototype units, evaluation kits, and ROV units. Cost of revenue for the
SHOWWX includes the direct costs of manufacturing products sold to customers. Because we are in the early phase of
SHOWWX production and the design and manufacturing processes are not yet sufficiently mature to support
commercial production, we classify overhead cost allocated to the SHOWWX as research and development expense.
When the SHOWWX design and production processes reach a level to support commercial production, all
manufacturing costs will be included in cost of revenue. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in performing on a contract or producing
prototype units, evaluation kits, and ROV and SHOWWX units. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated
with operating our research and development department and building our manufacturing and technical capabilities and
capacity. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, facility and depreciation
costs, is allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research and development
expense based on the proportion of direct material purchased for the respective activity. Losses on Uncompleted Contracts. We establish an allowance for estimated losses if the estimated cost to
complete a contract exceeds the remaining contract value. The entire estimated loss is recorded in the period in which
the loss is first determined. We determine the estimated cost to complete a contract through a detailed review of the
work to be completed, the resources available to complete the work and the technical difficulty of the remaining work. If
the revised estimated cost to complete the contract is higher than the total contract revenue, the entire contract loss is
recognized. The actual cost to complete a contract can vary significantly from the estimated cost, due to a variety of
factors including availability of technical staff, availability of materials and technical difficulties that arise during a project.
Most of our development contracts are cost plus fixed fee type contracts. Under these types of contracts, we are not
required to spend more than the contract value to complete the contracted work. Allowance for uncollectible receivables. We maintain allowances for uncollectible receivables, including
accounts receivable, cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts and receivables from
related parties. We review several factors in determining the allowances including the customer's and related party's
past payment history and financial condition. If the financial condition of our customers or the related parties with whom
we have receivables were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional
allowances could be required. Inventory. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a weighted average
cost basis. We review several factors in determining the market value of our inventory including evaluating the
replacement cost of the raw materials and the net realizable value of the finished goods. If we do not achieve our
targeted sales prices, if market conditions for our components or products were to decline or if we do not achieve our
sales forecast, additional reductions in the carrying value of the inventory would be required. Investments Available-For-Sale and Fair Value Measurements. Fair value is defined as the exchange price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.
As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the authoritative
guidance establishes a three level fair value hierarchy, with Level 1 being observable inputs such as quoted market
prices in active markets spanning to Level 3 where inputs are unobservable by market participants outside of the
Company and must be estimated using assumptions we develop. We use market data, assumptions and risks we
believe market participants would use in measuring the fair value of the asset or liability, including the risks inherent in
the inputs and the valuation techniques. Estimating valuation inputs and selecting and applying valuation methods may require significant judgments by
management. Changes in the estimated inputs and valuation methods could result in materially different values, credits
and charges presented in the consolidated financial statements. The investments are stated at fair value and classified as cash and cash equivalents or current investment securities
available-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses included in the consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss. We classify investment securities available-for-sale purchased with 90 days or less
remaining until contractual maturity as cash equivalents on the balance sheet in "Cash and cash
equivalents." Interest income, realized gains and losses, and other-than-temporary impairments are recognized in
the period earned or incurred, and presented separately in the consolidated statements of operations. Changes in the
fair values of derivatives are realized in the period of remeasurement and recorded in "Gain (loss) on derivative
instruments, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific
identification method. Employee Share-Based Compensation. We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of
options exercisable into our common stock and restricted or unrestricted shares of our common stock. We account for
equity instruments issued to employees using the straight-line attribution method of allocating the fair value of
share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period of the related award. The value of restricted or
unrestricted shares is determined using the fair value method, which is based on the number of shares granted and the
closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant. The value of options is
determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with estimates of option lives, stock price volatilities and
interest rates, then expensed over the periods of service allowing for pre-vest forfeitures. This widely accepted method
results in reasonable option values and interperiod expense allocation, and comparability across companies. Changes
in the estimated inputs or using other option valuation methods could result in materially different option values and
share-based compensation expense. The key accounting policies described above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting
policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally
accepted accounting principles, with no need for us to apply judgment or make estimates. There are also areas in which
our judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result to our consolidated
financial statements. Additional information about our accounting policies, and other disclosures required by generally
accepted accounting principles, are set forth in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. Inflation has not had a material impact on our revenues, or income from continuing operations over the three most
recent fiscal years. Results of Operations YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2009 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2009 revenue 2008 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Government revenue $ 1,649 58.5 $ 2,237 45.9 $ (588) (26.3)
Commercial revenue 1,168 41.5 2,637 54.1 (1,469) (55.7)
 --------- --------- ---------
Total contract revenue $ 2,817 $ 4,874 $ (2,057) (42.2)
 ========= ========= ========= We earn contract revenue from performance on development contracts with the U.S. government and commercial
customers and from the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits based on our PicoP display engine. Our contract
revenue in a particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have
entered into, and the availability of technical resources to perform work on the contracts. Our contract revenue from
sales of prototype units and evaluation kits may vary substantially due to the timing of orders from customers and
potential constraints on resources. Contract revenue from government and commercial contracts was substantially lower during 2009 than in 2008 due
to reduced contract activity and lower beginning backlog in 2009 compared to the previous year. We expect that we will
have fewer opportunities to enter into new development contracts as we move closer to the commercialization of
products based on our PicoP display engine. As long as most of our revenue is earned from performance on development contracts, we believe there may be a
high degree of variability in revenue from one period to another. In July 2009, we entered into a 9 month $1.0 million subcontract with Lockheed Martin Corporation to supply two
full-color, daylight readable, see-through display systems as part of the U.S. government's Urban Leader Tactical
Response, Awareness & Visualization program. Lockheed Martin holds a prime contract with the U.S. government
for development of the soldier worn display. Our backlog of development contracts at December 31, 2009 was $70,000 in government contracts and $30,000 in
commercial contracts compared to $714,000 in government contracts and $228,000 in commercial contracts at
December 31, 2008. The decrease in backlog from 2008 is primarily attributed to completion of government and
commercial development contracts in 2009 and reduced contract activity as we move closer to the commercialization of
products based on our PicoP display engine. We plan to complete the entire contract backlog during 2010. Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2009 revenue 2008 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Bar code revenue $ 686 67.5 $ 1,737 100.0 $ (1,051) (60.5)
Pico projector revenue 330 32.5 0 0.0 330 n/a
 --------- --------- ---------
Total product revenue $ 1,016 $ 1,737 $ (721) (41.5)
 ========= ========= ========= Bar code revenue includes the sales of ROV and our discontinued Flic bar code scanners. The decrease in bar
code revenue for the year ended December 31, 2009 compared to the same period in 2008 was due to decreased
purchasing volume of small and mid-sized businesses as a result of the global economic conditions. As a result of this
downturn we have reduced our sales and marketing efforts on the bar code product. We do not expect to increase our
investment in the bar code product in the future and we are currently evaluating opportunities to sell our existing bar
code inventory and sell or license our bar code production capability and technology. Pico projector revenue includes the sales of SHOWWX which was launched in September 2009. Our quarterly revenue may vary substantially due to the timing of product orders from customers, production
constraints and availability of components and raw materials. The backlog of product orders at December 31, 2009 was approximately $3.8 million, compared to $276,000 at
December 31, 2008, all of which is scheduled for delivery during 2010. Cost of Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2009 revenue 2008 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of contract revenue $ 1,531 54.3 $ 1,708 35.0 $ (177) (10.4) Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on development
contracts and producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs
incurred directly in performing on a contract or producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Indirect costs include labor
and other costs associated with operating our research and development department and building our technical
capabilities and capacity. Cost of contract revenue is determined both by the level of direct costs incurred and by the
level of indirect costs incurred in operating and building our technical capabilities and capacity. Both the direct and
indirect costs can fluctuate substantially from period to period. The cost of contract revenue as a percentage of revenue was higher in 2009 than in 2008 as a result of differences
in the cost mix of the contracts during those periods. The cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the
contract cost mix and the levels of direct and indirect costs incurred. However, over longer periods of time we expect
modest fluctuations in the cost of contract revenue, as a percentage of contract revenue. Cost of Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2009 revenue 2008 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of product revenue $ 2,363 232.6 $ 2,143 123.4 $ 220 10.3 Cost of product revenue includes the direct costs of manufacturing products sold to customers, and for ROV it
also includes the allocated indirect cost of manufacturing overhead. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs
incurred directly in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with
operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. We are in the early phase of SHOWWX production and the design and manufacturing processes are not yet
sufficiently mature to support commercial production. Our costs to produce SHOWWX units during 2009 were
substantially higher than product revenue. We classified overhead cost allocated to the SHOWWX as research and
development expense in 2009. When the SHOWWX design and production processes reach a level to support
commercial production, all manufacturing costs will be included in cost of revenue. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, facility and depreciation costs,
is allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research and development expense
based on the proportion of direct material purchased for the respective activity. During 2009 and 2008, we expensed
approximately $167,000 and $143,000, respectively, of manufacturing overhead associated with production capacity in
excess of production requirements. The increase in cost of product revenue for 2009, compared to 2008, was primarily attributed to increased inventory
write downs compared to the prior year. The cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue can fluctuate
significantly from period to period, depending on the product mix, the level of overhead expense and the volume of direct
materials purchased. The increase in the cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue in 2009
compared to the same period in 2008 was due to a higher cost structure for the SHOWWX product and an increase in
inventory write downs for the ROV product. In 2009, cost of product revenue included $1,257,000 of inventory write-
downs compared to $475,000 for the same period in 2008. Research and Development Expense. 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Research and development $ 24,577 $ 22,575 $ 2,002 8.9 Research and development expense consists of: Compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal research and product development
activities, Laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and Other operating expenses. In addition, we allocate our research and development resources based on the business opportunity of the available
projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made to customers. In order
to accelerate our time to market and because contract revenue was lower for the year ended December 31, 2009
compared to the same period in 2008, we directed more of our research and development work to internally funded
projects compared to the same period last year. We have increased spending in research and development as part of
our strategy to accelerate the time to market for products based on the PicoP. The increase in cost is primarily
attributable to increases in payroll costs and contracted services. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to develop
additional commercial products using the light scanning technology. Accordingly, we anticipate our level of research and
development spending will continue to be substantial. Sales, Marketing, General and Administrative Expense. 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Sales, marketing, general and administrative $ 14,540 $ 15,730 $ (1,190) (7.6) Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing,
sales, management and administrative staff, and for other general and administrative costs, including legal and
accounting services, consultants and other operating expenses. The decrease in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense for 2009 from 2008 was primarily the result of
decreased payroll costs due to reductions in staffing levels. We continue to aggressively manage these costs as part of our strategy to accelerate the development of PicoP-
based products while controlling our cash used in operations. Interest Income and Expense. 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest income $ 212 $ 1,130 $ (918) (81.2) 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest expense $ 68 $ 48 $ 20 41.7 The decrease in interest income in 2009 from 2008 results primarily from lower average cash, investments securities
balances, and interest rates. Impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale. 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Impairment of investments, available-for-sale $ 0 $ (300) $ 300 (100.0) At December 31, 2009, our marketable securities portfolio included $3.0 million par value AAA rated student loan
auction-rate securities (SLARS). During the period ended December 31, 2008, based on the length of the historical
duration of failed SLARS auctions, the significant uncertainty of the prospective duration of inactivity, and lack of liquidity
in the SLARS market, we determined that the estimated fair values of the SLARS were less than par value and the
impairments were other-than-temporary. We used a discounted cash flow model, with rates adjusted for liquidity, to
determine the estimated fair values of the SLARS as of December 31, 2008. We recorded an "impairment of investment
securities, available-for-sale" of $300,000 for the period ended December 31, 2008. There were no adjustments to the
fair value of the SLARS during 2009. Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, Net. 2009 2008 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net $ (506) $ 2,196 $ (2,702) (123.0) In 2005 we issued warrants to purchase 2,302,000 shares of common stock in connection with certain notes. The warrants meet the
definition of derivative instruments that must be accounted for as liabilities because we cannot engage in certain corporate
transactions affecting the common stock unless we make a cash payment to the holders of the warrants. In July 2008,
warrants to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock expired unexercised. We record changes in the fair values of
the warrants in the statement of operations each period. We valued the remaining warrants to purchase 1,552,000
shares of common stock at December 31, 2009 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
assumptions: expected volatility of 80%; expected dividend yield of 0%; risk free interest rates ranging from 0.06% to
0.43%; and contractual lives ranging from 0.2 years to 0.9 years. The change in value of the warrants of $509,000 in
2009 was recorded as a non-operating loss and is included in "Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net" in
the consolidated statement of operations. Income Taxes. No provision for income taxes has been recorded because we have experienced net losses from inception
through December 31, 2009. At December 31, 2009, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $237.3
million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of $4.9
million. The net operating loss carry forwards and research and development credits available to offset future taxable
income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2009 to 2029 if not previously utilized. In certain circumstances, as
specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by certain combinations of our shareholders
during any three-year period would result in a limitation on our ability to utilize a portion of our net operating loss
carry-forwards. We have determined that such a change of ownership occurred during 1995 and that the annual utilization of
loss carry-forwards generated through the period of that change will be limited to approximately $761,000. An additional
change of ownership occurred in 1996 and the annual limitation for losses generated in 1996 is approximately $1.6
million. We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2009 or at December 31, 2008. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, we recognized no interest and penalties. YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2008 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2007 Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Government revenue $ 2,237 45.9 $ 6,430 71.4 $ (4,193) (65.2)
Commercial revenue 2,637 54.1 2,580 28.6 57 2.2
 --------- --------- ---------
Total contract revenue $ 4,874 $ 9,010 $ (4,136) (45.9)
 ========= ========= ========= Contract revenue was substantially lower during 2008 than in 2007, due to lower beginning government contract
backlog and a decreased level of activity on government contracts compared to the prior year. In December 2007, we entered into a $1 million contract with a commercial customer to develop prototype units
based on our PicoP technology, for evaluation of future consumer electronics product applications. The development
work under this contract was initiated and fully completed in 2008. In May 2007, we entered into a $3.2 million contract with the U.S. Air Force to provide a lightweight, see-through,
full-color eyewear display prototype to the government. The contract, which continued a development activity with the
Air Force, specified the development, design, verification, testing, and delivery of a lightweight, see-through full-color
wearable display for evaluation by several DOD project offices. Our backlog of development contracts at December 31, 2008 was $714,000 in government contracts and $228,000
in commercial contracts compared to $2.0 million in government contracts and $1.8 million in commercial contracts at
December 31, 2007. The decrease in backlog from 2007 was primarily attributed to completion of government and
commercial contracts in 2007 and early 2008. Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Bar code revenue $ 1,737 100.0 $ 1,393 94.5 $ 344 24.7
Nomad revenue 0 0.0 81 5.5 (81) (100.0)
 --------- --------- ---------
Total product revenue $ 1,737 $ 1,474 $ 263 17.8
 ========= ========= ========= Bar code revenue for 2007 and 2008 includes the sales of ROV and our discontinued Flic bar code scanners. The
increase in bar code revenue for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the same period in 2007 was due to
the increased sales of our ROV product line. The decrease in Nomad revenue was the result of our decision in June 2006 to no longer promote the Nomad
product. The Nomad had not gained the commercial acceptance we had planned when it was introduced. The backlog of product orders at December 31, 2008 was approximately $276,000, compared to $245,000 at
December 31, 2007. Cost of Contract Revenue. % of % of
 contract contract
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of contract revenue $ 1,708 35.0 $ 4,916 54.6 $ (3,208) (65.3) The cost of contract revenue as a percentage of revenue was lower in 2008 than in 2007 as a result of negotiating
better terms on contracts and from the sale of prototype units that had been previously expensed to internally funded
programs. Cost of Product Revenue. % of % of
 product product
 2008 revenue 2007 revenue $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- Cost of product revenue $ 2,143 123.4 $ 1,690 114.7 $ 453 26.8 During 2008 and 2007, we expensed approximately $143,000 and $289,000, respectively, of manufacturing
overhead associated with production capacity in excess of production requirements. The increase in cost of product revenue for 2008 compared to 2007 was a result of increased revenue from the
sales of ROV and the increase in inventory write-downs during the respective periods. In 2008, cost of product revenue
included $475,000 of inventory write-downs compared to $84,000 for the same period in 2007. Research and Development Expense. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Research and development $ 22,575 $ 14,944 $ 7,631 51.1 The increase in research and development expense in 2008 compared to 2007 was the result of our increased
spending as part of our strategy to accelerate the time to market for products based on the PicoP and lower contract
revenue for the year resulting in more of our research and development work being directed to internally funded projects
compared to the same period in 2007. The increase in cost was primarily attributable to increases in payroll costs and
contracted services. Sales, Marketing, General and Administrative Expense. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Sales, marketing, general and administrative $ 15,730 $ 15,779 $ (49) (0.3) 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest income $ 1,130 $ 1,358 $ (228) (16.8) 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Interest expense $ 48 $ 513 $ (465) (90.6) Interest Income and Expense. The decrease in interest income in 2008 from 2007 results primarily from lower interest rates on our investment
securities compared to 2007. In 2005, we issued convertible notes with an aggregate principal amount of $20 million. The last payment on the
notes was made in March 2007, resulting in a decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2008
compared to the same period in 2007. Impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale. 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Impairment of investments, available-for-sale $ (300) $ 0 $ (300) n/a At December 31, 2008, our marketable securities portfolio included $3.0 million par value AAA rated student loan
auction-rate securities (SLARS). Based on the length of the historical duration of failed SLARS auctions and significant
uncertainty of the prospective duration of inactivity and lack of liquidity in the SLARS market, we determined that the
estimated fair values of the SLARS were less than par value and the impairments were other-than-temporary. We used
a discounted cash flow model, with rates adjusted for liquidity, to determine the estimated fair values of the SLARS as of
December 31, 2008. We recorded an "impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale" of $300,000 for the period
ended December 31, 2008. Gain (Loss) on Derivative Instruments, Net. The following table shows the gain on derivative instruments, net: 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net $ 2,196 $ (483) $ 2,679 (554.7) In 2005 we issued warrants to purchase 2,302,000 shares of common stock in connection with certain notes. The warrants met the
definition of derivative instruments that must be accounted for as liabilities, because we cannot engage in certain corporate
transactions affecting the common stock unless we made a cash payment to the holders of the warrants. We record
changes in the fair values of the warrants in the statement of operations each period. We valued the warrants at
December 31, 2008 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: expected volatility of
72%, expected dividend yield of 0%, risk free interest rates ranging from 0.6% to 0.8%, and contractual lives ranging
from 1.2 years to 1.9 years. The change in value of the warrants of $2.3 million in 2008 was recorded as a non-operating
gain and is included in "Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net" in the consolidated statement of operations. Prior to December 9, 2008 we held warrants to purchase 170,500 shares of Lumera common stock. On December
9, 2008, Lumera merged with GigOptix, LLC and the combined company will conduct business as GigOptix, Inc. Our
Lumera warrants were exchanged for warrants to purchase shares of the new company's common stock, after applying
a 0.125 exchange ratio and exercise price escalation. As of December 31, 2008, the fair value of the warrants was
determined to be zero and the change in value of $130,000 in 2008 was recorded as a loss to "Gain (loss) on derivative
instruments, net." Gain on sale of investment in Lumera. Gain on sale of securities of equity investment: 2008 2007 $ change % change
(in thousands) --------- --------- --------- --------- Gain on sale of investment in Lumera $ 0 $ 6,606 $ (6,606) (100.0) During 2007, we sold 1,714,000 shares of Lumera common stock for gross proceeds of $8.7 million and we
recorded a gain of $6.6 million. As result of the merger discussed above, the 36,000 shares of Lumera common stock we held were exchanged for
5,000 shares of GigOptix common stock. Income Taxes. At December 31, 2008, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $217.6 million for federal income
tax reporting purposes. In addition, we had research and development tax credits of $4.3 million. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale
of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from
development contract revenues and product sales. In June 2009, we received $15.0 million, before issuance costs, from
the sale of 8,076,239 shares of our common stock and warrants exercisable for 2,019,060 shares of our common stock.
In November and December 2009, we received an aggregate of $33.1 million, before issuance costs, from the sale of
11,038,333 shares of our common stock. At December 31, 2009, we had $45.7 million in cash, cash equivalents, and
investment securities, available-for-sale, which included $2.7 million in auction rate securities (ARS). There is currently
no established primary orderly market for these ARS. If we were required to sell them in a short period of time we may
receive less than their current estimated fair values. However, based on our current operating plan and ability to access
our $43.0 million held in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2009, we do not expect to be required to sell
these securities materially below their current estimated fair value. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our
operations through the first quarter of 2011. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time.
We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that
additional cash will be available or that, if available, it will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If
adequate funds are not available on a timely basis we may be required to limit our operations substantially. This
limitation of operations could include delaying development projects resulting in reductions in staff, operating costs,
capital expenditures and investment in research and development. Cash used in operating activities totaled $31.7 million during 2009, compared to $31.2 million during 2008. During
2009, the increased cash outlay was primarily driven by the acceleration of research and development activities on our
PicoP and related technologies for planned PicoP and other product applications. The balance of the change was
largely due to lower contract revenue in 2009 than in 2008. We had the following material gains and charges, and changes in assets and liabilities during the year ended
December 31, 2009. " Loss (gain) on derivative instruments " In 2005 we issued warrants to purchase 2,302,000
shares of our common stock, which are accounted for as derivative security liabilities. The value of the warrants
fluctuates with our common stock price and the decreasing lives of the warrants as they approach expiration. The net
increase in our stock price during 2009 combined with decreasing terms to expiration resulted in a $509,000 non-cash
non-operating loss recorded in "Loss (gain) on derivative instruments, net" on the consolidated statements of
operations and a non-cash adjustment in operating cash flows recorded to "Loss (gain) on derivative
instruments" on the consolidated statements of cash flows. We record the fair values of the warrants in
"Liability associated with common stock warrants" on the consolidated balance sheets. The valuation
assumptions and method are detailed in the Results of Operations section above. "Accounts payable, net" Accounts payable increased by approximately $1.5 million due to invoices
received at the end of 2009 for research and development expenses, inventory, and general operating expenses that
were paid in 2010. "Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts" Our costs and estimated
earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts decreased by $625,000 in 2009 due to increased activity
surrounding the launch of the SHOWWX and lower contract activity. "Inventory" Ending inventory decreased by $599,000 over 2008. The change in inventory includes
inventory write-downs of $1.3 million offset by an increase in inventory of approximately $696,000 related to our pico
projector product. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a weighted average cost
basis. The following table shows the composition of the inventory at December 31, 2009 and 2008: December 31, December 31,
 2009 2008
 ------------- ------------ Raw materials $ 626,000 $ 45,000
Finished goods 300,000 1,480,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 926,000 $ 1,525,000
 ============= ============ Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities totaled $1.2 million in 2009 compared to cash provided by investing activities of
$19.0 million in 2008. We invested the proceeds from our June, November and December 2009 issuances of common
stock and warrants into money market accounts and short term investments. As a result, the purchases and sales of
these investments appear in cash and cash equivalents changes instead of in investing activities on the consolidated
statements of cash flows. Cash provided by investing activities in 2008 was generated from the net sales of investment
securities to fund continuing operations which were purchased in 2007. The 2007 net purchases in investing activities of
$22.3 million were made with proceeds from the call of our publicly traded warrants and sale of Lumera common stock. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities totaled $50.4 million in 2009, compared to $24.3 million in 2008, largely as a
result of the relative sizes of our financing transactions completed in 2009 and 2008. The following is a list of our
financing activities during 2009, 2008 and 2007. In November and December 2009, we raised an aggregate of $33.1 million, before issuance costs of approximately
$2.3 million, from the sale of 11.0 million shares of our common stock through underwritten public offerings. During 2009, we raised $3.9 million from the exercise of warrants to purchase 1.1 million shares of common stock
and $1.3 million from the exercise of 335,000 stock options. In June 2009, we raised approximately $15.0 million, before issuance costs of approximately $218,000, from the
sale of 8.1 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase approximately 2.0 million shares of our common
stock to a strategic investor. The warrants have an exercise price of $2.185 per share, a three year term, and are
exercisable on the date of issuance. We can call the warrants if the average closing bid price of our stock is over $8.74
for any 20 consecutive trading days. In July 2008, we raised an aggregate of $26.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $2.0 million through a
registered direct public offering of 11.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 6.7 million shares
of our common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $3.60 per share, a five year term, and are exercisable one
year from the date of issuance. The warrants are callable after one year from the date of issuance if the average closing
bid price of our stock is over $7.20 for any 20 consecutive trading days. The warrants are listed on the NASDAQ Global
Market under the ticker "MVISW." In June 2007, we called our publicly traded warrants issued as part of a 2006 mid-year financing transaction. The
warrant holders had until July 6, 2007 to exercise their warrants or the warrants would expire. We received $34.1 million
from the exercise of 12.9 million warrants. During 2007, we made cash payments of $1.4 million in principal and $28,000 in interest, and issued 459,000
shares of our common stock in payment of $1.4 million in principal and $21,000 in interest for our outstanding notes.
The final payment on the notes was made in March 2007. Our cash requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or
through arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce products incorporating our technology and the
market acceptance and competitive position of such products. Future operating expenditures and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including the
following: the progress of research and development programs, the progress in commercialization activities and arrangements, the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights, competing technological and market developments, and our ability to establish cooperative development, joint venture and licensing arrangements. In order to maintain our exclusive rights under our license agreement with the University of Washington, we are
obligated to make royalty payments to the University of Washington with respect to the Virtual Retinal Display
technology. If we are successful in establishing original equipment manufacturer co-development and joint venture
arrangements, we expect our partners to fund certain non-recurring engineering costs for technology development
and/or for product development. Nevertheless, we expect our cash requirements to remain high as we expand our
activities and operations with the objective of commercializing our light scanning technology. The following table lists our contractual obligations (in thousands): Payments Due By Period
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total
 --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------
Contractual Obligations: Open purchase obligations * $ 11,225 $ 78 $ 16 $ -- $ 11,319
Minimum payments under capital leases 102 133 83 -- 318
Minimum payments under operating leases 870 1,842 564 -- 3,276
Minimum payments under long-term debt 103 206 69 -- 378
Minimum payments under research, royalty
 and licensing agreements 720 1,656 1,440 2,376 + 6,192
 --------------- --------------- --------------- --------------- ---------
 Total $ 13,020 $ 3,915 $ 2,172 $ 2,376 $ 21,483
 =============== =============== =============== =============== ========= * Open purchase obligations represent commitments to purchase inventory, materials, capital equipment,
maintenance agreements and other goods used in the normal operation of our business. +License and royalty obligations continue through the lives of the underlying patents, which is currently
through at least 2017. New accounting pronouncements In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance establishing general
standards for accounting and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements
are available to be issued. This standard sets forth the period after the balance sheet date during which management of
a reporting entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the
financial statements, identifies the circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions
occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements, and the disclosures that should be made about events
or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
ended after June 15, 2009. We adopted this standard during the quarter ended June 30, 2009 and have evaluated any
subsequent events through the date of this filing. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued guidance which provides amendments to establish a selling price hierarchy for
determining the selling price of a deliverable and expands the disclosures required for multiple-deliverable revenue
arrangements. The guidance is effective for revenue arrangements that are entered into or are materially modified in
fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact
that implementation of this guidance will have on our financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued guidance which allows exclusion of software from the scope of the software
revenue recognition guidance if the software is included with tangible products and is essential to the tangible product's
functionality. The guidance becomes effective for revenue arrangements that are entered into or are materially modified
in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the
impact that implementation of this guidance will have on our financial statements. In January 2010, the FASB issued guidance which improves disclosures about the measurement of the fair value of
financial instruments including (1) the different classes of assets and liabilities measured at fair value, (2) the valuation
techniques and inputs used, (3) the activity in Level 3 fair value measurements, and (4) the transfers between Levels 1,
2, and 3 of the fair value inputs hierarchy. The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods ended after
December 15, 2009. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
 MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of the end of 2009, approximately 94% of our total cash, cash equivalents and investment securities
available-for-sale have variable interest rates or are very short-term discount notes traded in active markets. Therefore,
we believe our exposure to market and interest rate risks is not material. The remainder is composed of $3.0 million par
student loan auction-rate securities (SLARS) fair valued at approximately $2.7 million. Our SLARS are investment grade
long-term bonds, structured with variable interest rate resets, with purchases and sales to be determined via a Dutch
Auction process every 28 days. They were issued to fund U.S. government guaranteed student loans. Beginning in
February 2008, the rapid declines in global credit markets and liquidity, and resultant economic recession, led to
insufficient investor bids to clear the SLARS auctions and fund the secondary SLARS market. The issuers then began
and continue to pay interest at "maximum rates", instead of "auction rates", in accordance with
the bond terms. Given the adverse credit market conditions and SLARS short-term illiquidity, the fair value of the principal became
more sensitive to changes in interest rates and the spread between short and long rates than it was in the pre-2008 ARS
credit marketplace. As a result, we estimated that the fair value of the SLARS to be approximately $2.7 million at
December 31, 2008. There were no adjustments to the fair value of the SLARS during 2009. If market conditions
worsen, we may have to further adjust the estimated fair value and record additional charges to earnings if we believe
the adjustment is other-than-temporary. In the event we need immediate access to the funds invested in the SLARS, we
could be required to sell them at an amount below our current carrying value. Any of these events could affect our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, based on market stabilization and
strengthening during 2009, we do not expect to be required to sell these securities materially below their current
estimated fair values. Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should select investments to achieve the
following goals: principal preservation, adequate liquidity and return. As of December 31, 2009, our cash and cash
equivalents and investments available-for-sale securities portfolio are comprised of short-term highly rated money
market funds and the SLARS. The values of cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale by maturity date as of December 31,
2009, are as follows: Amount Percent
 ------------ --------- Cash and cash equivalents $ 43,025,000 94.1 %
Less than one year 10,000 0.0
One to two years -- --
Greater than five years 2,700,000 5.9
 ------------ ---------
 $ 45,735,000 100.0 %
 ============ ========= Foreign Exchange Rate Risk All of our development contract payments are made in U.S. dollars. However, in the future we may enter into
development contracts in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We intend to enter into
foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure to currency fluctuations when we can adequately determine the
timing and amounts of the exposure. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | **
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 | **
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 | **
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 | **
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 | **
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 | **
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | **
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves Schedule | ** Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Microvision, Inc.: In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of
operations, and shareholders' equity, comprehensive loss and cash
flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Microvision, Inc. at December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2009 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial
statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and the financial statement schedule, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, financial statement schedule and on
the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes
those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Seattle, Washington March 10, 2010 Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31,
 ----------------------
 2009 2008
 ---------- ----------
Assets Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents $ 43,025 $ 25,533
 Investment securities, available-for-sale 2,710 2,705
 Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $67 and $57 913 537
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 70 695
 Inventory 926 1,525
 Other current assets 751 889
 ---------- ----------
 Total current assets 48,395 31,884

 Property and equipment, net 3,904 3,701
 Restricted investments 1,189 1,332
 Other assets 48 47
 ---------- ----------
 Total assets $ 53,536 $ 36,964
 ========== ========== Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities
 Accounts payable $ 4,949 $ 3,487
 Accrued liabilities 4,190 3,545
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts 55 62
 Liability associated with common stock warrants 840 331
 Current portion of capital lease obligations 62 41
 Current portion of long-term debt 78 71
 ---------- ----------
 Total current liabilities 10,174 7,537

 Capital lease obligations, net of current portion 157 45
 Long-term debt, net of current portion 244 322
 Deferred rent, net of current portion 1,070 1,409
 ---------- ----------
 Total liabilities 11,645 9,313
 ---------- ----------

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' Equity
 Preferred stock, par value $.001; 25,000 shares authorized; 0 and
 0 shares issued and outstanding -- --
 Common stock, par value $.001; 200,000 shares authorized; 88,686 and
 68,080 shares issued and outstanding 89 68
 Additonal paid-in capital 373,405 319,662
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (33) (38)

 Accumulated deficit (331,570) (292,041)
 ---------- ----------
 Total shareholders' equity 41,891 27,651
 ---------- ----------
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 53,536 $ 36,964
 ========== ========== The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ---------- ---------- ---------- Contract revenue $ 2,817 $ 4,874 $ 9,010
Product revenue 1,016 1,737 1,474
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total revenue 3,833 6,611 10,484
 ---------- ---------- ----------

Cost of contract revenue 1,531 1,708 4,916
Cost of product revenue 2,363 2,143 1,690
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total cost of revenue 3,894 3,851 6,606
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Gross margin (61) 2,760 3,878
 ---------- ---------- ----------


Research and development expense 24,577 22,575 14,944
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 14,540 15,730 15,779
Gain on disposal of fixed assets -- (5) (117)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Total operating expenses 39,117 38,300 30,606
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Loss from operations (39,178) (35,540) (26,728)

Interest income 212 1,130 1,358
Interest expense (68) (48) (513)
Impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale -- (300) --
Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net (506) 2,196 (483)
Other income (expense) 11 (58) (27)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss before Lumera transactions (39,529) (32,620) (26,393)

Gain on sale of investment in Lumera -- -- 6,606
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss $ (39,529) $ (32,620) $ (19,787)
 ========== ========== ==========
Net loss per share basic and diluted $ (0.54) $ (0.53) $ (0.40)
 ========== ========== ==========

Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted 73,760 61,643 49,963
 ========== ========== ========== The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (in thousands, except share amounts) Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Receivables Accumulated
 Common Stock Additional from other Total
 ----------------- paid-in related comprehensive Accumulated Shareholders'
 Shares Par Value capital parties income deficit Equity
 ------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- Balance at December 31, 2006 42,921 $ 43 $ 253,086 $ (250) $ 8,619 $ (239,634) $ 21,864
Amortization of share-based compensation 1,886 1,886
Exercise of warrants and options 13,350 13 35,883 35,896
Sales of common stock and warrants 130 130
Issuance of common stock for payment on senior
 secured exchangeable convertible notes 452 1 1,367 1,368
Issuance of common stock for payment of
 interest on senior secured exchangeable
 convertible notes 7 22 22
Sale of Lumera stock held as collateral
 on receivables from related parties 227 227
Allowance for doubtful accounts on
 receivables from related parties 23 23
Other comprehensive income (8,568) (8,568)
Net loss (19,787) (19,787)
 ------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------------ -------------
Balance at December 31, 2007 56,730 57 292,374 -- 51 (259,421) 33,061
Amortization of share-based compensation 35 2,857 2,857
Exercise of warrants and options 143 -- 388 388
Sales of common stock and warrants 11,172 11 24,043 24,054
Other comprehensive income (89) (89)
Net loss (32,620) (32,620)
 ------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------------ -------------
Balance at December 31, 2008 68,080 68 319,662 -- (38) (292,041) 27,651
Amortization of share-based compensation 22 3,335 3,335
Exercise of warrants and options 1,470 2 4,792 4,794
Sales of common stock and warrants 19,114 19 45,616 45,635
Other comprehensive income 5 5
Net loss (39,529) (39,529)
 ------- -------- ---------- ----------- ------------- ------------ -------------
Balance at December 31, 2009 88,686 $ 89 $ 373,405 $ -- $ (33) $ (331,570) $ 41,891
 ======= ======== ========== =========== ============= ============ ============= The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
 ----------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ---------- ---------- ---------- Net loss $ (39,529) $ (32,620) $ (19,787)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Other comprehensive gain (loss)
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities, available-for-sale:
 Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during period 5 (89) (1,962)
 Less: reclassification adjustment for gains realized in net loss -- -- (6,606)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Net unrealized gain (loss) 5 (89) (8,568)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Comprehensive loss $ (39,524) $ (32,709) $ (28,355)
 ========== ========== ========== See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. Microvision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
 -------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 --------- --------- ---------
Cash flows from operating activities Net loss $ (39,529) $ (32,620) $ (19,787)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:
 Depreciation 1,138 989 953
 Gain on disposal of fixed assets -- (5) (117)
 Non-cash expenses related to issuance of stock, warrants, and options,
 and amortization of deferred compensation 3,373 2,831 1,897
 Non-cash interest expense, net -- -- 371
 Loss (gain) on derivative instruments 506 (2,196) 482
 Impairment of short-term investment securities -- 300 --
 Inventory write-downs 1,257 475 84
 Allowance for receivables from related parties -- (241) 23
 Gain on sale of investment in Lumera -- -- (6,606)
 Net accretion of discount on short-term investments -- (97) (80)
 Non-cash deferred rent (276) (275) (277)
 Change in:
 Accounts receivable (376) 1,348 (719)
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts 625 (252) 122
 Inventory (658) (1,239) 198
 Other current assets 115 184 408
 Other assets (1) -- (6)
 Accounts payable 1,477 1,188 461
 Accrued liabilities 646 (642) 515
 Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts (7) (908) 770
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash used in operating activities (31,710) (31,160) (21,308)
 --------- --------- --------- Cash flows from investing activities Sales of investment securities -- 20,400 7,200
 Purchases of investment securities -- (986) (29,504)
 Sales of restricted investment securities -- -- 2,329
 Purchases of restricted investment securities -- (350) (2,329)
 Decrease in restricted investment 143 143 143
 Collections of receivables from related parties -- 241 227
 Sale of long-term investment - Lumera -- -- 8,637
 Proceeds on sale of property and equipment -- 5 117
 Purchases of property and equipment (1,360) (495) (1,058)
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1,217) 18,958 (14,238)
 --------- --------- --------- Cash flows from financing activities Principal payments under capital leases (60) (41) (45)
 Principal payments under long-term debt (71) (65) (58)
 Payments on notes payable -- -- (1,400)
 Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants 50,550 24,442 35,896
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash provided by financing activities 50,419 24,336 34,393
 --------- --------- ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 17,492 12,134 (1,153)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 25,533 13,399 14,552
 --------- --------- ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 43,025 $ 25,533 13,399
 ========= ========= ========= Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for interest $ 68 $ 48 $ 92
 ========= ========= ========= Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Property and equipment acquired under capital leases $ 95 $ -- $ --
 ========= ========= =========
Other non-cash additions to property and equipment $ 85 $ 199 $ 46
 ========= ========= =========
Issuance of common stock for payment of principal and interest on senior
 secured exchangeable convertible notes $ -- $ -- $ 1,388
 ========= ========= ========= The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 1. The Company We are developing high-resolution miniature display and imaging engines based upon our proprietary
PicoP® display engine platform. Our technology platform utilizes our expertise in two dimensional
Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a
small form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply a proprietary display engine called PicoP to potential OEM customers who will
embed them into a variety of consumer and automotive products. The primary objective for consumer applications is to
provide users of mobile devices with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small embedded projector.
Mobile devices may include cell phones, PDAs, gaming consoles and other consumer electronics products. These
potential products would allow users to watch movies, play videos, display images, and other data onto a variety of flat
or curved surfaces. We recently launched the sale of a small accessory projector that is the first commercial product based on the PicoP
display engine. The accessory projector can display images from a variety of video sources including cell phones,
portable media players, PDAs, gaming consoles, laptop computers, digital cameras, and other consumer electronics
products. We have been selling the accessory projector in limited quantity through our Asian and European based
distributors. In March 2010, we announced the sales launch of the accessory projector to customers in the United States. We plan to
add distribution channels as the production capacity for our manufacturing partner, green laser suppliers and
other component suppliers increases. The PicoP with some modification could be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone
aftermarket device to create a high-resolution head-up display (HUD) that could project point-by-point navigation, critical
operational, safety and other information important to the driver or pilot. The PicoP could be further modified to be
embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with a see-through or occluded personal display to view
movies, play games or access other content. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our
operations through the first quarter of 2011. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time.
We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited
to, the rate at which we can, directly or through arrangements with OEMs, introduce products incorporating the PicoP
display engine and image capture technologies and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products.
If revenues are less than anticipated, if
the mix of revenues vary from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts
budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to further the development of our technologies, for
expenses associated with product development, and to respond to competitive pressures or to meet unanticipated
development difficulties. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with
systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us or, if available, on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising
capital may involve issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the
value of the current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis, or planned revenues
are not generated, we may be required to limit our operations substantially. This limitation of operations may include
delaying development projects resulting in reductions in staff and operating costs as well as reductions in capital
expenditures and investment in research and development. 2. Summary of significant accounting policies Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the
United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following areas where significant estimates and assumptions have been made in preparing the financial statements:
revenue recognition, valuation of auction-rate securities, allowance for uncollectible receivables, inventory valuation and
valuation of derivative financial instruments. Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include Microvision and equity investments in which Microvision has the
ability to exercise significant influence but does not have voting control. Cash and cash equivalents; investment securities, available-for-sale; and
fair value of financial instruments Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, investments available-for-sale including auction
rate securities (ARS), accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities and long-term debt. Excluding the ARS
and long term debt, the carrying value of our financial instruments approximates fair value due to their short maturities.
For the ARS, the carrying value approximates fair value due to an other-than-temporary impairment adjustment. The
carrying amount of long-term debt at December 31, 2009 and 2008 was not materially different from the fair value based
on rates available for similar types of arrangements. The fair value of financial instruments is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based
measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the authoritative guidance establishes a three level fair value
inputs hierarchy, with Level 1 being observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets spanning to Level
3 where inputs are unobservable by market participants outside of the Company and must be estimated using
assumptions we develop. We use market data, assumptions and risks we believe market participants would use in
measuring the fair value of the asset or liability, including the risks inherent in the inputs and the valuation techniques.
We disclose the lowest level input significant to each category of asset or liability. We use inputs which are as
observable as possible and the methods most applicable to the specific situation of each company or valued item. We consider fair valued assets impaired when the fair value is less than cost. When the impairment is significant,
we judge whether the impairment is temporary or other-than-temporary. An impairment is generally considered to be
other-than-temporary and recorded as such in the period when there is deemed sufficient reason to conclude that the
fair value of the asset is not expected to recover to the recorded fair value prior to the expected time of sale or maturity.
We classify other-than-temporary fair value impairments into one of two categories: "credit" or "other
factors". Other-than-temporary impairments are charged to current earnings if they are of the "credit"
type or recorded to other comprehensive loss if they are due to "other factors". Our cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale are comprised of U.S. government and agency
securities, corporate debt and ARS. We classify investment securities available-for-sale purchased with 90 days or less
remaining until contractual maturities as cash equivalents. Investment securities purchased with more than 90 days until
contractual maturities are classified as current investment securities available-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheet
with unrealized gains and losses included in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss. Interest income,
realized gains and losses, and other-than-temporary credit type impairments are recognized in the period earned or
incurred and presented separately in the consolidated statement of operations. Changes in the fair values of derivatives
are realized in the period of remeasurement and recorded in Gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net in the
consolidated statement of operations. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Inventory Inventory consists of raw material, work in process and finished goods for our SHOWWX and ROV products.
Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market with cost determined using the weighted-average method. We
periodically assess the need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjust the carrying value of inventory to its net
realizable value when required. In addition, we reduce the value of our inventory to its estimated scrap value when we
determine that it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through normal production during the next twelve
months. Property and equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets (two to
five years) using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of estimated useful
lives or the lease term. Restricted investments As of December 31, 2009, restricted investments were in money market funds and serve as collateral for $1.2
million in irrevocable letters of credit. Two letters of credit totaling $839,000 are outstanding in connection with a lease
agreement for our corporate headquarters building in Redmond, WA. The required balance decreases over the term of
the lease, which expires in 2013. In addition, a $350,000 letter of credit is outstanding under the terms of a supplier
agreement. Revenue recognition Revenue has primarily been generated from contracts to develop the light scanning technology and to produce
demonstration units for commercial enterprises and the U.S. government. We recognize contract revenue as work
progresses on long-term cost plus fixed fee and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method, which
relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs. Our revenue contracts generally include a statement of
the work we are to complete and the total fee we will earn from the contract. When we begin work on the contract and at
the end of each accounting period, we estimate the labor, material, and other cost required to complete the statement of
work compared to cost incurred to date. We use information provided by our technical team, project managers, vendors,
outside consultants and others to develop our cost estimates. Since our contracts generally require some level of
technology development to complete, the actual cost required to complete a statement of work can vary from our
estimates. We have developed processes that allow us to reasonably estimate the cost to complete a contract.
Historically, we have made only immaterial revisions in the estimates to complete the contract at each reporting period.
Recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion and actual revenue and cost
become certain. Revisions in revenue estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision
become known. In the future, revisions in these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one
reporting period. The U.S. government can terminate a contract with the Company at any time for convenience. If the
U.S. government cancels a contract, we would receive payment for work performed and costs committed to prior to the
cancellation. The Company recognizes losses, if any, as soon as identified. Losses occur when the estimated direct and indirect
costs to complete the contract exceed unrecognized revenue. The Company evaluates the reserve for contract losses
on a contract-by-contract basis. We recognize contract revenue for prototype units and evaluation kits for development work and product revenue
when the product is shipped, there is sufficient evidence of an arrangement, the selling price is fixed or determinable and
collection is reasonably assured. Revenue for prototype units, evaluation kits, and product shipments with acceptance
provisions is recognized upon acceptance of the product by the customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance
period, after which there are no rights of return. Provisions are made for warranties at the time revenue is recorded.
Warranty expense was not material for any periods presented. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on development contracts
and producing prototype units, evaluation kits, and ROV units. Cost of revenue for the SHOWWX includes the direct
costs of manufacturing products sold to customers. Because we are in the early phase of SHOWWX production and the
design and manufacturing processes are not yet sufficiently mature to support commercial production, we classify
overhead cost allocated to the SHOWWX as research and development expense. When the SHOWWX design and
production processes reach a level to support commercial production, all manufacturing costs will be included in cost of
revenue. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in performing on a contract or producing
prototype units, evaluation kits, and ROV and SHOWWX units. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated
with operating our research and development department and building our manufacturing and technical capabilities and
capacity. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, facility and depreciation
costs, is allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research and development
expense based on the proportion of direct material purchased for the respective activity. Concentration of credit risk and sales to major customers Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents,
investment securities available-for-sale and accounts receivable. We typically do not require collateral from our
customers. Our investment policy generally directs investment managers to select investments to achieve the following
goals: preservation of principal, adequate liquidity and return. As of December 31, 2009, the Company's cash and cash
equivalents and investments securities portfolio are comprised of short-term highly rated money market funds and
commercial paper, and guaranteed student loan ARS (SLARS). As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, we held $3.0 million par value SLARS, fair valued at approximately $2.7 million.
As of December 31, 2009, approximately 94% of our total cash and cash equivalents and investment securities
available-for-sale had variable interest rates or were very short-term discount notes traded in active markets. Therefore,
we believe our exposure to credit market and interest rate risks is not material. The remainder is composed of the $3.0
million par value SLARS. The SLARS are investment grade long-term bonds, structured with variable interest rate
resets, with purchases and sales to be determined via a Dutch Auction process every 28 days. They were issued to
fund U.S. government guaranteed student loans. Beginning in February 2008, the rapid declines in global credit
markets and liquidity, and resultant economic recession, led to insufficient investor bids to clear the SLARS auctions and
fund the secondary SLARS market. The issuers then began and continue to pay interest at "maximum
rates", instead of "auction rates", in accordance with the bond terms. Given the adverse credit market
conditions and SLARS short-term illiquidity, the fair value of the principal became more sensitive to changes in interest
rates and the spread between short and long rates than it was in the pre-2008 ARS credit marketplace. As a result, we
estimated the fair value of the SLARS to be approximately $2.7 million at December 31, 2008. There were no
adjustments to the fair value of the SLARS during 2009. If market conditions worsen, we may have to further adjust the
estimated fair value and record additional charges to earnings, if we believe the adjustment is other-than-temporary. In
the event we need immediate access to the funds invested in the SLARS, we could be required to sell them below our
current carrying value. Any of these events could affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. However, based on market stabilization and strengthening during 2009, we do not expect to be required to
sell the securities materially below their current estimated fair values. Concentration of Sales to Major Customers The U.S. government accounted for approximately 43%, 34% and 61% of total revenue during 2009, 2008, and
2007, respectively. Two government customers accounted for approximately 24% and 17%, respectively of total
revenue in 2009, two commercial customers accounted for approximately 15% and 11%, respectively, of total revenue
during 2008, and one commercial customer accounted for approximately 15% of total revenue during 2007. Contracts
with three commercial customers represented 17%, 35%, and 22% of total revenues during 2009, 2008, and 2007,
respectively. The U.S. government accounted for approximately 37% and 19% of the accounts receivable balance at
December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Income taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of
the assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws and
rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense
is recorded for the amount of income tax payable for the period increased or decreased by the change in deferred tax
assets and liabilities during the period. Net loss per share Basic net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the periods. Net loss per share assuming dilution is calculated using the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding and the dilutive effect of all potentially dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and
convertible securities. Net loss per share assuming dilution is equal to basic net loss per share because the effect of
dilutive securities outstanding during the periods including options and warrants computed using the treasury stock
method, is anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007, we excluded the following convertible securities from diluted net loss per
share as the effect of including them would have been anti-dilutive. The shares shown represent the number of shares
of common stock which would be issued upon conversion as of December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007. December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Publicly traded warrants 6,025,000 6,703,000 --
Options and private warrants 12,683,000 9,804,000 9,518,000
 ----------- ----------- ----------
 18,708,000 16,507,000 9,518,000
 =========== =========== ========== Research and development Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Long-lived assets We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets when an impairment is indicated based on expected
undiscounted cash flows. We recognize impairment of the carrying value of long-lived assets, if any, based on the fair
value of such assets. Share-based compensation We have one share-based incentive compensation plan and a separate board of director share-based
compensation plan. In June 2008, we determined that we would not issue additional options from the director plan.
Both plans are more fully described in Note 11. We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over the
requisite service period for each award. The following table shows the amount of share-based compensation expense
included in the statements of operations for each period shown: Year Ended December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Cost of contract revenue $ 101,000 $ 85,000 $ 138,000
Cost of product revenue 18,000 25,000 20,000
Research and development expense 1,213,000 824,000 365,000
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 1,956,000 1,873,000 1,274,000
 ----------- ----------- ----------
 $ 3,288,000 $ 2,807,000 $1,797,000
 =========== =========== ========== New accounting pronouncements In May 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance establishing general
standards for accounting and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements
are available to be issued. This standard sets forth the period after the balance sheet date during which management of
a reporting entity should evaluate events or transactions that may occur for potential recognition or disclosure in the
financial statements, identifies the circumstances under which an entity should recognize events or transactions
occurring after the balance sheet date in its financial statements, and the disclosures that should be made about events
or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date. The standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
ended after June 15, 2009. We adopted this standard during the quarter ended June 30, 2009 and have evaluated any
subsequent events through the date of this filing. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued guidance which provides amendments to establish a selling price hierarchy for
determining the selling price of a deliverable and expands the disclosures required for multiple-deliverable revenue
arrangements. The guidance is effective for revenue arrangements that are entered into or are materially modified in
fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact
that implementation of this guidance will have on our financial statements. In October 2009, the FASB issued guidance which allows exclusion of software from the scope of the software
revenue recognition guidance if the software is included with tangible products and is essential to the tangible product's
functionality. The guidance becomes effective for revenue arrangements that are entered into or are materially modified
in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the
impact that implementation of this guidance will have on our financial statements. In January 2010, the FASB issued guidance which improves disclosures about the measurement of the fair value of
financial instruments including (1) the different classes of assets and liabilities measured at fair value, (2) the valuation
techniques and inputs used, (3) the activity in Level 3 fair value measurements, and (4) the transfers between Levels 1,
2, and 3 of the fair value inputs hierarchy. The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods ended after
December 15, 2009. The adoption of the guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial
statements.. 3. Long-term contracts Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts comprises amounts of revenue
recognized on contracts that we have not yet billed to customers because the amounts were not contractually billable at
December 31, 2009 and 2008. The following table summarizes when we will be contractually able to bill the balance as
of December 31, 2009 and 2008. Year Ended December 31,
 --------------------------
 2009 2008
 ------------ ------------ Billable within 30 days $ 63,000 $ 688,000
Billable between 31 and 90 days -- --
Billable after 90 days 7,000 7,000
 ------------ ------------
 $ 70,000 $ 695,000
 ============ ============ Our current contracts with the U.S. government are primarily cost plus fixed fee type contracts. Under the terms of a
cost plus fixed fee contract, the U.S. government reimburses us for negotiated actual direct and indirect cost incurred in
performing the contracted services. We are not obligated to spend more than the contract value to complete the
contracted services. The period of performance is generally one year. Each of our contracts with the U.S. government
can be terminated for convenience by the government at any time. To date, the U.S. government has not terminated a
contract with us. In July 2009, we entered into a 9 month $1.0 million subcontract with Lockheed Martin Corporation to supply two
full-color, daylight readable, see-through display systems as part of the U.S. government's Urban Leader Tactical
Response, Awareness & Visualization program. Lockheed Martin holds a prime contract with the U.S. government
for development of the soldier worn display. In December 2007, we entered into a $1.0 million contract with a commercial customer to develop prototype units
based on our PicoP technology, for evaluation of future consumer electronics product applications. The development
work under this contract was initiated and fully completed in 2008. In May 2007, we entered into a $3.2 million contract with the U.S. Air Force to provide a lightweight, see-through,
full-color eyewear display prototype to the government. The contract, which continues a development effort with the Air
Force, specifies the development, design, verification, testing, and delivery of a lightweight, see-through full-color
wearable display for evaluation by several DOD project offices. This contract was completed during 2008. The following table summarizes the costs incurred on our revenue contracts: December 31, December 31,
 2009 2008
 ------------ ------------ Costs and estimated earnings incurred on uncompleted contracts $ 4,951,000 $ 14,166,000
Billings on uncompleted contracts (4,936,000) (13,533,000)
 ------------ ------------
 $ 15,000 $ 633,000
 ============ ============ Included in accompanying balance sheets under the following captions: Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
 contracts $ 70,000 $ 695,000
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
 contracts (55,000) (62,000)
 ------------ ------------
 $ 15,000 $ 633,000
 ============ ============ 4. Cash equivalents, investment securities, available-for-sale, and fair value measurements Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be
determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for
considering such assumptions, the authoritative guidance establishes a three level fair value inputs hierarchy, and
requires an entity to maximize the use of observable valuation inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We
use market data, assumptions and risks we believe market participants would use in measuring the fair value of the
asset or liability, including the risks inherent in the inputs and the valuation techniques. The hierarchy is summarized
below. Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not sufficiently
active to qualify as Level 1 or, other observable inputs. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which requires us to develop our own
assumptions, which are significant to the measurement of the fair values. Our investment securities are comprised of debt securities. Generally, they are issued by the U.S. government, its
agencies, corporations, and student loan financial aid organizations. Accounting for these investments is discussed in
Note 2. The principal markets for the debt securities are dealer markets which have a high level of price transparency. The
market participants for debt securities are typically large money center banks and regional banks, brokers, dealers,
pension funds, and other entities with debt investment portfolios. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 94% of our total cash, cash equivalents and investment securities,
available-for-sale have variable interest rates or are very short-term discount notes traded in active markets. The
remainder is composed of $3.0 million par student loan auction-rate securities (SLARS) fair valued at approximately $2.7
million. The SLARS are investment grade long-term bonds, structured with variable interest rate resets, with purchases
and sales to be determined via a Dutch Auction process every 28 days. They were issued to fund U.S. government
guaranteed student loans. Beginning in February 2008, the rapid declines in global credit markets and liquidity, and
resultant economic recession, led to insufficient investor bids to clear the SLARS auctions and fund the secondary
SLARS market. The issuers then began and continue to pay interest at "maximum rates", instead of
"auction rates", in accordance with the bond terms. The valuation inputs hierarchy classification for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis are
summarized below as of December 31, 2009: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- Assets
 Corporate equity securities $ -- $ 10,000 $ -- $ 10,000
 Auction rate securities -- -- 2,700,000 2,700,000
 ----------- ---------- ---------- -----------
 $ -- $ 10,000 $2,700,000 $ 2,710,000
 =========== ========== ========== ===========
Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 840,000 $ 840,000
 ========== =========== The corporate debt securities and liability associated with common stock warrants are classified within Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy because they are valued using inputs and common methods with sufficient levels of transparency
and observability. The SLARS are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because of the significance of
sufficiently unobservable assumptions and inputs developed by us and used in the valuations. The following table summarizes the activity for those financial assets where fair value measurements are estimated
utilizing Level 3 inputs: Balance, December 31, 2008 $ 2,700,000
Transfer into Level 3, 2009 --
Recognized loss included in earnings --
 -----------
Balance, December 31, 2009 $ 2,700,000
 =========== Our investments and liability associated with common stock warrants are summarized below as of December 31,
2009 and December 31, 2008. Classification on Balance Sheet
 -------------------------------------------------
 Liability
 Associated
 Investment With
 Cost/ Gross Gross Securities, Other Common
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Available- Current Stock
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Equivalents For-Sale Assets Warrants
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- As of December 31, 2009:
 Assets
 Corporate equity securities $ 43,000 $ -- $ (33,000) $ 10,000 $ -- $ 10,000 $ --
 Auction-rate securities 2,700,000 -- -- 2,700,000 -- 2,700,000 --
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
 $ 2,743,000 $ -- $ (33,000) $ 2,710,000 $ -- $ 2,710,000 $ --
 =========== ========== ========== =========== =========== =========== ==========
 Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 840,000 $ 840,000
 =========== =========== Classification on Balance Sheet
 -------------------------------------------------
 Liability
 Associated
 Investment With
 Cost/ Gross Gross Securities, Other Common
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated Cash Available- Current Stock
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Equivalents For-Sale Assets Warrants
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- As of December 31, 2008:
 Assets
 Corporate debt and equity securities $ 5,022,000 $ -- $ (38,000) $ 4,984,000 $ 4,979,000 $ 5,000 $ --
 Auction-rate securities 2,700,000 -- -- 2,700,000 -- 2,700,000 --
 ----------- ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------
 $ 7,722,000 $ -- $ (38,000) $ 7,684,000 $ 4,979,000 $ 2,705,000 $ --
 =========== ========== ========== =========== =========== =========== ==========
 Liabilities
 Liability associated with
 common stock warrants $ 331,000 $ 331,000
 =========== =========== As of December 31, 2009, the unrealized losses on our investments in debt securities were due primarily to declines
in the pricing of the debt securities. The realized gains and losses resulting from the liability associated with
common stock warrants were primarily due to changes in our own stock price and decreasing terms to expiration. The
maturities of the auction rate securities available-for-sale as of December 31, 2009 are greater than 5 years. We classify other-than-temporary fair value impairments into one of two categoriesa "credit" or "other factors".
As of September 30, 2008, based on continuing low market liquidity and auction failures with significant uncertainty
as to when such conditions would improve, we determined that the estimated fair value of the SLARS no longer approximated
par value, and the impairments were other-than-temporary. An "impairment of investment securities, available-for-sale"
of $300,000 ws recorded on the consolidated statements of operations. We used a discounted cash flow model, with rates
adjusted for liquidity, to determine that the present value of estimated cash collections was less than the adjusted
cost. The other-than-temporary impairment recorded during the period ended September 30, 2008 was categorized as "credit" type. Our significant nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are subject to consideration for recognition and disclosure
at fair value in the financial statements on a nonrecurring basis primarily include property and equipment, capital
lease obligations, a tenant improvement loan agreement and deferred rent. If we conclude there has been an event indicating
the potential impairment of a nonfinancial asset or liability, or periodically if no such indicating event is deemed to have
occurred, we determine the fair value, test for impairments, and record significant impairments, in the period of
determination. The maturities of the investment securities available-for-sale as of December 31, 2009 are shown below: Gross Gross
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Estimated
 Cost Gains Losses Fair Value
 ----------- ----------- ----------- ------------ Maturity date:
 Less than one year $ 43,000 -- (33,000) $ 10,000
 Due in 1-3 years -- --
 Greater than five years 2,700,000 2,700,000
 ----------- ------------
 $ 2,743,000 $ 2,710,000
 =========== ============ 5. Inventory Inventory consists of the following: December 31, December 31,
 2009 2008
 ------------- ------------ Raw materials $ 626,000 $ 45,000
Finished goods 300,000 1,480,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 926,000 $ 1,525,000
 ============= ============ The inventory at December 31, 2009 consisted of raw materials primarily for our accessory projector SHOWWX, and
finished goods primarily comprised of ROV, our hand-held barcode scanner. The inventory at December 31, 2008
consisted of raw materials and finished goods for ROV and the discontinued Flic bar code product. Inventory is stated at
the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a weighted average basis. Management periodically assesses the
need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjusts the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable value when
required. In addition, Microvision reduces the value of its inventory to its estimated scrap value when management
determines that it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through the normal course of business during the
next twelve months. In 2009, 2008, and 2007, Microvision recorded inventory write-downs of $1,257,000, $475,000, and
$84,000, respectively. 6. Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities consist of the following: December 31,
 ---------------------------
 2009 2008
 ------------- ------------ Bonuses $ 1,300,000 $ 500,000
Payroll and payroll taxes 773,000 809,000
Compensated absences 682,000 623,000
Deferred rent credit 339,000 311,000
Adverse purchase commitments 173,000 119,000
Professional fees 247,000 343,000
Other 676,000 840,000
 ------------- ------------
 $ 4,190,000 $ 3,545,000
 ============= ============ 7. Property and equipment, net Property and equipment consists of the following: December 31,
 ---------------------------
 2009 2008
 ------------- ------------ Production equipment $ 3,610,000 $ 3,124,000
Leasehold improvements 3,317,000 3,310,000
Computer hardware and software/lab equipment 7,945,000 7,192,000
Office furniture and equipment 1,591,000 1,496,000
 ------------- ------------
 16,463,000 15,122,000
Less: Accumulated depreciation (12,559,000) (11,421,000)
 ------------- ------------
 $ 3,904,000 $ 3,701,000
 ============= ============ Depreciation expense was $1,138,000, $989,000 and $953,000 in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 8. Receivables from related parties In 2000, 2001 and 2002, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to provide unsecured lines of credit to each
of the Company's three officers. The lines of credit carry interest rates of 5.4% to 6.2% and were due within one year of
the officer's termination. In January 2006, one officer left the Company and his outstanding loans became due in January 2007. In May
2007, we foreclosed on 50,000 shares of Lumera common stock pledged as collateral for the loans. In October 2009,
we entered into a settlement agreement with the former officer. We have received total proceeds of $237,000 to date,
and the officer has committed to make additional payments of $30,000 over the next two years. Pursuant to the
settlement agreement, all claims and counterclaims filed in the collection lawsuit, including the previously disclosed
claim by the former officer against us for $15 million have been dismissed. Another officer with outstanding loans left the Company in August 2007 and his loans became due in August 2008.
We are pursuing collection of the remaining outstanding balance from the former officer. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the total amount outstanding under the lines of credit was
$400,000 and $1,851,000, respectively, and the balances were fully reserved. 9. Common stock In November and December 2009, we raised an aggregate of $33.1 million, before issuance costs of $2.3
million, through underwritten public offerings of 11.0 million shares of our common stock. In June 2009, we raised approximately $15.0 million, before issuance costs of approximately $218,000, from the
sale of 8.1 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase approximately 2.0 million shares of our common
stock to Max Display Enterprises Limited, a subsidiary of Walsin Lihwa. Walsin Lihwa is the parent company of Touch
Micro-system Technology Corp. (TMT). We have worked for a number of years with both Walsin Lihwa and TMT, as
manufacturers of our Micro-Electrical Mechanical systems (MEMS) chips. Based on filings by Max Display Enterprises
Limited with the Securities Exchange Commission, as of December 31, 2009, Max Display Enterprises Limited
beneficially owned 11.1% of our common stock, as determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities Exchange
Commission. In July 2008, we raised approximately $26.0 million, before issuance costs of approximately $2.0 million, through a
registered direct public offering of 11.2 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 6.7 million shares of
our common stock. Details of the warrants are described below in Note 10. On June 21, 2007, we exercised our right to call our publicly traded warrants issued in 2006. We received $34.1
million from the exercise of 12.9 million publicly traded warrants. 10. Warrants In June 2009, we raised approximately $15.0 million, before issuance costs of approximately $218,000, from the
sale of 8.1 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase approximately 2.0 million shares of our common
stock to Max Display Enterprises Limited, a subsidiary of Walsin Lihwa. The warrants have an exercise price of $2.1850
per share, a three year term, and are exercisable on the date of issuance. We can call the warrants if the average
closing bid price of our stock is over $8.74 for any 20 consecutive trading days. In July 2008, we raised approximately $26.0 million, before issuance costs of approximately $2.0 million, through a
registered direct public offering of 11.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 6.7 million shares
of our common stock. The warrants have an exercise price of $3.60 per share, a five year term, and are exercisable one
year from the date of issuance. We can call the warrants after one year from the date of issuance if the average closing
bid price of our stock is over $7.20 (200% of exercise price) for any 20 consecutive trading days. The 6.7 million
warrants were listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the ticker "MVISW". On June 21, 2007, we exercised our right to call our publicly traded warrants issued in our June and July 2006
financing transactions. We received $34.1 million from the exercise of 12.9 million publicly traded warrants. A total of 45,000 warrants expired unexercised. The following summarizes activity with respect to Microvision common stock warrants during the three years ended
December 31, 2009: Warrants to Weighted-
 purchase average
 common excercise
 Shares price
 ------------ --------- Outstanding at December 31, 2006 17,557,000 $ 3.50
Granted:
 Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 537,000 2.65
 Exercise price equal to intrinsic value 25,000 3.42
Exercised (13,803,000) 2.59
Canceled/expired (252,000) 6.30
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2007 4,064,000 6.19
Granted:
 Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 6,703,000 3.60
 Exercise price equal to intrinsic value -- --
Exercised -- --
Canceled/expired (1,257,000) 6.11
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2008 9,510,000 4.32
Granted:
 Exercise price greater than intrinsic value 2,019,000 2.19
 Exercise price equal to intrinsic value -- --
Exercised (1,135,000) 3.46
Canceled/expired -- --
 ------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2009 10,394,000 $ 3.96
 ============
Exercisable at December 31, 2009 10,394,000 $ 3.96
 ============ The following table summarizes information about the weighted-average fair value of Microvision common stock
warrants granted for the periods shown: Year Ended December 31,
 -------------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ----------- ----------- ----------- Exercise price greater than fair value $ -- $ 1.59 $ --
Exercise price equal to fair value -- -- 2.08
Exercise price less than fair value 1.27 -- 0.47 We estimated the fair value of our common stock warrants on the respective grant dates using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively: dividend yield of zero percent for all years; expected volatility of 75%, 65%, and 47%; risk-free interest
rates of 1.5%, 3.2% and 4.9% and expected lives of 3, 5 and 0.3 years, respectively. The following table summarizes information about our common stock warrants outstanding and exercisable at
December 31, 2009: Warrants outstanding Warrants exercisable
 --------------------------------- ------------------------
 Weighted
 Number average Weighted Number Weighted
 outstanding aremaining average exercisable at average
 December 31, contractualexcercise December 31, excercise
Range of exercise prices 2009 life (years price 2009 price
----------------------------------- ----------- --------- --------- ------------- --------- $2.185 2,019,000 2.47 $ 2.19 2,019,000 $ 2.19
$2.7625-$3.42 592,000 1.05 3.04 592,000 3.04
$3.60 6,025,000 3.56 3.60 6,025,000 3.60
$3.94 1,089,000 0.92 3.94 1,089,000 3.94
$4.55-$5.32 469,000 0.19 4.56 469,000 4.56
$34.00 200,000 0.61 34.00 200,000 34.00
 ----------- -------------
$2.185-$34.00 10,394,000 10,394,000
 =========== ============= 11. Share-Based Compensation We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over
the requisite service period for each award. The valuation of and accounting for share-based awards includes a number
of complex and subjective estimates. These estimates include, but are not limited to, the future volatility of our stock
price, future stock option exercise behaviors, estimated employee turnover and award forfeiture rates. Description of Incentive Plans The Company currently has two share-based incentive plans. The 2006 Incentive Plan described below is
administered by the Board of Directors, or its designated committee ("Plan Administrator"), and provides for various
awards as determined by the Plan Administrator. We terminated using a second share-based incentive plan, the
Independent Director Stock Option Plan described below, in June 2008. The 2006 Incentive Plan has 11.4 million shares authorized, of which 2.1 million shares were available for awards as
of December 31, 2009. The 2006 Incentive Plan permits granting non-qualified stock options (NSOs), incentive stock
options (ISOs), stock appreciation rights, restricted or unrestricted stock, deferred stock, other share-based awards, or
cash awards to employees, officers, directors and certain non-employees of the Company. Any award may be a
performance-based award. Awards granted under the 2006 Incentive Plan have generally been to employees under
non-qualified stock option agreements with the following provisions: exercise prices greater than or equal to the
Company's closing stock price on the date of grant; vesting periods ranging from three years to four years; expiration 10
years from the date of grant; and optionees who terminate their service after vesting have a limited time to exercise their
options (typically three to twelve months). In June 2008, the Company shareholders approved an amendment to the
2006 Incentive Plan to increase the common stock reserved for issuance under the plan to 11.4 million shares and allow
non-employee directors to participate in the plan. The Independent Director Stock Option Plan (IDSOP) has 900,000 shares authorized, of which 875,000 are issued
and outstanding as of December 31, 2009. The IDSOP permits granting NSOs to independent directors of the
Company. Grants awarded under the IDSOP generally have the following terms: exercise price equal to the Company's
closing stock price on the date of grant, expiration 10 years from the date of grant, and vested grants remain exercisable
until their expiration dates if a director leaves the Board. In June 2008, the Company shareholders approved an
amendment to the 2006 Incentive Plan described above to allow non-employee directors to participate in the plan. The
Company does not intend to issue additional options from the IDSOP. Options Valuation Methodology and Assumptions We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the fair value of options granted and use the closing
price of our common stock as the fair market value of our stock on that date. We consider historical stock price volatilities, volatilities of similar companies and other factors in determining
estimates of future volatilities. We use historical lives, including post-termination exercise behavior, publications, comparable company estimates,
and other factors as the basis for estimating expected lives. Risk free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve as published by the U.S. Treasury. The following table summarizes the weighted-average valuation assumptions
and weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the periods shown below: Year Ended December 31,
 ------------------------------------
 2009 2008 2007
 ----------- ----------- ---------- Assumptions (weighted average)
Volatility 75% 65% 68%
Expected term (in years) 5.1 5.1 6.2
Risk-free rate 2.0% 3.0% 5.0%
Expected dividends -- -- --
Pre-vest forfeiture rate 5.0% 5.0% 5.0%
Grant date fair value of options granted $ 1.20 $ 1.32 $ 2.67 Options Activity and Positions The following table summarizes activity and positions with respect to options for the year ended December 31, 2009: Weighted
 Average
 Weighted Remaining
 Average Contractual Aggregate
 Exercise Term Intrinsic
Options Shares Price (years) Value
----------------------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ----------- Outstanding as of December 31, 2006 5,711,000 $ 6.04 6.9 $ 1,384,000
Granted 1,617,000 4.08
Exercised (84,000) 2.78
Forfeited or expired (1,790,000) 9.05
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2007 5,454,000 4.52 6.9 3,320,000
Granted 2,276,000 2.33
Exercised (143,000) 2.72
Forfeited or expired (590,000) 2.93
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2008 6,997,000 3.98 7.2 63,000
Granted 1,996,000 1.97
Exercised (335,000) 2.58
Forfeited or expired (344,000) 3.01
 -----------
Outstanding as of December 31, 2009 8,314,000 $ 3.59 7.0 $ 4,823,000
 =========== =========== ========== ===========

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2009 8,132,000 $ 3.62 6.9 $ 4,628,000
 =========== =========== ========== ===========

Exercisable as of December 31, 2009 4,845,000 $ 4.30 6.0 $ 2,084,000
 =========== =========== ========== =========== The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were
$455,000, $87,000 and $163,000, respectively. The total grant date fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008, and 2007 was
$1.6 million, $2.0 million and $2.1 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2009, our unamortized share-based
compensation was $3.6 million which we plan to amortize over the next 2.3 years. In April 2009, our Board of Directors approved the issuance of 291,000 nonvested equity shares of the Company's
common stock to the executive employees under the 2006 Incentive Plan. Included was a grant of 165,000 shares to
one executive which vests conditionally upon completion of certain service and performance objectives the later of three
years from the date of grant or the first day thereafter that the executive is not in a closed window, and 14,000 shares to
the same executive in lieu of a cash salary increase which vested in four equal installments through December 31, 2009.
The remaining shares vest over a three year period from the date of grant. The nonvested equity shares were valued at
fair value on the date of grant and the share-based compensation expense will be amortized over the service
period. In October 2008, our Board of Directors approved the payment of one half of each independent director's annual
retainer fee to be paid in the Company's common stock. The common stock was valued at fair value and fully expensed
on the grant date. Each independent director received 7,092 shares of common stock. In March 2008, our Board of Directors approved the issuance of 125,000 nonvested equity shares of the Company's
common stock to the executive employees under the 2006 Incentive Plan. The shares vest over a three year period
from the date of grant. The nonvested equity shares were valued at fair value on the date of grant and the share-based
compensation expense will be amortized over the three year service period. As of December 31, 2009, our unamortized nonvested equity share-based compensation was $390,000 which we
plan to amortize over the next 2.0 years. 12. Commitments and contingencies Agreements with the University of Washington ("UW") In October 1993, we entered into a Research Agreement and an exclusive license agreement ("License
Agreement") with the UW. The License Agreement grants us the rights to certain intellectual property, including
the technology being subsequently developed under the Microvision research agreement ("Research
Agreement"), whereby we have an exclusive, royalty-bearing license to make, use and sell or sublicense the
licensed technology. We are required to pay the UW a nonrefundable license maintenance fee of $10,000 per quarter,
to be credited against royalties due. Litigation We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not
currently party to any legal proceedings that management believes would have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Lease commitments We lease our office space and certain equipment under noncancelable capital and operating leases with initial or
remaining terms in excess of one year. We entered into a 90 month facility lease that commenced in February 2006. The lease includes extension and rent
escalation provisions over the 90 month term of the lease. Rent expense will be recognized on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. Future minimum rental commitments under capital and operating leases for years ending December 31 are as
follows: Capital Operating
 leases leases
 ------------- ------------- 2010 $ 102,000 $ 870,000
2011 71,000 904,000
2012 62,000 938,000
2013 62,000 564,000
2014 21,000 --
Thereafter -- --
 ------------- -------------
Total minimum lease payments 318,000 $ 3,276,000
 =============
Less: Amount representing interest (99,000)
 -------------
Present value of capital lease obligations 219,000
Less: Current portion (62,000)
 -------------
Long-term obligation at December 31, 2009 $ 157,000
 ============= The capital leases are collateralized by the related assets financed and by security deposits held by the lessors
under the lease agreements. The cost and accumulated depreciation of equipment under capital leases was $1,106,000
and $1,024,000, respectively, at December 31, 2009 and $1,017,000 and $932,000, respectively, at December 31,
2008. Net rent expense was $862,000, $861,000, and $830,000 for 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively. Long-term debt During 2006, we entered into a loan agreement with the lessor of our corporate headquarters in Redmond to finance
$536,000 in tenant improvements. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of 9% per annum, is repayable over the initial
term of the lease, which expires in 2013, and is secured by a letter of credit. The balance of the loan was $322,000 at
December 31, 2009. Adverse purchase commitments We have periodically entered into noncancelable purchase contracts in order to ensure the availability of materials to
support bar code scanner production. We periodically assess the need to provide for impairment on these purchase
contracts and records a loss on purchase commitments when required. During 2009, we recorded a loss of $55,000 to
cost of product revenue as a result of commitments to purchase materials for the ROV scanner that were in excess of
our estimated future proceeds from sale of the ROV scanners. In December 2008, the Company recorded a loss of
$119,000 to cost of product revenue as a result of commitments to purchase materials for the ROV scanner that were in
excess of its estimated future proceeds from the sale of the ROV scanners. 13. Income taxes A provision for income taxes has not been recorded for 2009, 2008, and 2007 due to the valuation allowances
placed against the net operating losses and deferred tax assets arising during such periods. A valuation allowance has
been recorded for all deferred tax assets because based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective
evidence creates sufficient uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2009, we have net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $237.3 million, for federal
income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of $4.9 million. The net
operating loss carry forwards and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will
expire in varying amounts from 2009 to 2029 if not previously utilized. In certain circumstances, as specified in the
Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by certain combinations of our stockholders during any three-
year period would result in limitations on our ability to utilize its net operating loss carry-forwards. We have determined
that such a change occurred during 1995 and the annual utilization of loss carry-forwards generated through the period
of that change will be limited to approximately $761,000. An additional change occurred in 1996; and the limitation for
losses generated in 1996 is approximately $1,600,000. Deferred tax assets are summarized as follows: December 31,
 ----------------------------
 2009 2008
 ------------- ------------- Deferred tax assets, current
 Reserves $ 1,421,000 $ 1,990,000
 Other 1,244,000 996,000
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax assets, current 2,665,000 2,986,000
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax assets, noncurrent
 Net operating loss carryforwards 81,199,000 74,605,000
 R&D credit carryforwards 4,905,000 4,258,000
 Depreciation/amortization deferred 20,926,000 15,665,000
 Other 4,484,000 3,520,000
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax assets, noncurrent 111,514,000 98,048,000
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax liabilities, noncurrent
 Convertible debt (873,000) (1,828,000)
 ------------- -------------
Total gross deferred tax liabilities, noncurrent (873,000) (1,828,000)
 ------------- -------------
Net deferred taxes before valuation allowance 113,306,000 99,206,000
Less: Valuation allowance (113,306,000) (99,206,000)
 ------------- -------------
Deferred tax assets $ -- $ --
 ============= ============= The valuation allowance and the research and development credit carry forwards account for substantially all of the
difference between our effective income tax rate and the Federal statutory tax rate of 34%. Certain net operating losses arise from the deductibility for tax purposes of compensation under nonqualified stock
options equal to the difference between the fair value of the stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the
options. For financial reporting purposes, the tax effect of this deduction when recognized is accounted for as a credit to
shareholders' equity. We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2009 and at December 31, 2008. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, we recognized no interest or penalties. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. The tax years 2006-2008 generally
remain open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject. 14. Retirement savings plan We have a retirement savings plan that qualifies under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). The plan covers all
qualified employees. Contributions to the plan by the Company are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Under the plan, we match 50% of employee contributions to the plan up to 6% of the employee's per pay period
compensation. During 2009, 2008 and 2007 we contributed $369,000, $365,000, and $295,000, respectively, to the
plan under the matching program. 15. Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited) The following table presents the Company's unaudited quarterly financial information for the years ending December
31, 2009 and 2008: Year Ended December 31, 2009
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31,
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- Revenue $ 971,000 $ 924,000 $ 987,000 $ 951,000
Gross margin (loss) (130,000) (175,000) (83,000) 327,000
Net loss (8,745,000) (11,525,000) (10,394,000) (8,865,000)
Net loss per share basic and diluted (0.11) (0.15) (0.15) (0.13) Year Ended December 31, 2008
 ----------------------------------------------------------
 December 31, September 30, June 30, March 31,
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- Revenue $ 1,525,000 $ 894,000 $ 1,622,000 $ 2,570,000
Gross margin 287,000 285,000 719,000 1,469,000
Net loss (9,873,000) (8,443,000) (9,266,000) (5,038,000)
Net loss per share basic and diluted (0.15) (0.13) (0.16) (0.09) MICROVISION, INC. VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES SCHEDULE (in thousands) Additions
 ------------------------
 Balance at Charges to Charges to Balance at
 beginning of costs and other end of
 Description fiscal period expenses accounts Deductions fiscal period
------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- ------------ ------------- Year Ended December 31, 2007
 Allowance for receivables from related parties $ 2,473 $ 23 $ -- $ -- $ 2,496
 Tax valuation allowance 76,565 -- 11,086 -- 87,651

 Year Ended December 31, 2008
 Allowance for receivables from related parties 2,496 -- -- (645) 1,851
 Tax valuation allowance 87,651 -- 11,555 -- 99,206

 Year Ended December 31, 2009
 Allowance for receivables from related parties 1,851 -- -- (1,451) 400
 Tax valuation allowance 99,206 -- 14,100 -- 113,306 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants in accounting or financial disclosure matters
during the Company's fiscal years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), prior
to the filing of this Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2009,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2009. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report,
which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm." (c) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. There have not been any changes in the Company's
internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2009 which have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 4A. The
information required by this Item and not provided in Item 4A will appear under the caption "Discussion of
Proposals Recommended by the Board" in the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by
reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed prior to the Company's annual shareholders' meeting scheduled to be held
on June 17, 2010. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions "Executive Compensation,"
"Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Director Compensation for
2009" in the Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Information as of December 31, 2009 regarding equity compensation plans approved and not approved by
stockholders is summarized in the following table: Equity Compensation Plan Information
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Number of Weighted- Number of securities
 securities to be average excercise remaining available for
 issued upon price of further issuance under
 excercise of outstanding equity compensation
 outstanding options, warrants plans (excluding
 options, warrants and rights securities reflected in
 and rights column (a))
Plan Category (a) (b) (c)
------------------------------------------------------- -------------------- -------------------- ------------------------- Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 8,313,000 $ 3.59 2,139,000
Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders 233,000 29.79 --
 -------------------- -------------------------
 Total 8,546,000 $ 4.31 2,139,000
 ==================== ========================= In August 2000, the Company issued two non-plan warrants to purchase an aggregate of 200,000 shares of
Microvision common stock to two consultants in connection with entering into certain consulting agreements with the
Company. The warrants were fully exercisable as of December 31, 2007, have an exercise price of $34.00 per share
and expire in August 2010. Rather than issue shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants, the Company
may elect to redeem the warrants if, in the opinion of the Board of Directors upon advice of counsel, it would be unlawful
to issue the underlying securities. The warrants are transferable upon prior written approval of the Company. The
Company cannot unreasonably withhold such approval with respect to transfers of warrants to purchase at least 10,000
shares. The number, class and price of securities for which the warrants may be exercised are subject to adjustment for
certain changes in the Company's capital structure. The number of securities and exercise price per share will be
proportionately adjusted if outstanding shares of the Company's common stock are divided into a greater number of
shares or combined into a smaller number of shares, or a stock dividend is paid on the common stock. In the event of a
change in the common stock from a merger, consolidation, reclassification, reorganization, partial or complete
liquidation, or other change in the capital structure of the Company, the Company will, as a condition of the change in
capital structure, make provision for the warrant holder to receive upon the exercise of the warrants the kind and amount
of shares of stock, other securities or property to which the holder would have been entitled if, immediately prior to the
change in capital structure, the warrant holder had held the number of shares of common stock obtainable upon the
exercise of the warrants, and the exercise price will be proportionately adjusted. In February 2007, Microvision issued a warrant to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock to a third party for
services. The warrant was immediately exercisable, has an exercise price of $3.42 per share, and expires in February
2012. In July 2005, Microvision issued a warrant to purchase 6,925 shares of common stock to a third party for
services. The warrant was immediately exercisable, has an exercise price of $5.32 per share, and expires in July 2010.
The number and price of securities for which the warrants may be exercised are subject to adjustment for certain
changes in the Company's capital structure. Where the Company's outstanding shares of common stock are divided
into a greater number of shares, combined into a smaller number of shares, or a stock dividend is paid on the common
stock, the exercise price per share shall be proportionately adjusted by the ratio of common shares outstanding
immediately before and after the transaction. In the event of a change in the Company's common stock from a
reorganization, reclassification, consolidation, or merger, the holders will be entitled to receive, upon the exercise of the
warrants, the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property to which the holders would have been entitled if,
immediately prior to the change in capital structure, the warrant holders had held the number of shares of common stock
obtainable upon the exercise of the warrants. The other information required by this Item will appear under the caption "Information About Microvision
Common Stock Ownership" in the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions" and "Board Meetings and Committees" in the Proxy Statement, which sections are
incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this Item will appear under the caption "Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm" in the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of the report: Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Valuation and Qualified Accounts and Reserves for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are referenced or included in this report. 3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Microvision, Inc., as amended (14)
3.2 | Bylaws of Microvision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.3 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 11, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (5)
4.5 | Warrant No. 1 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Partners, Ltd. (7)
4.6 | Warrant No. 2 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (7)
4.7 | Warrant No. 88 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 31, 2005 to Omicron Master Trust (8)
4.8 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (9)
4.9 | Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 3, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (10)
4.10 | Form of Underwriter's Warrant Agreement dated June 5, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and MDB Capital Group, LLC. (11)
4.11 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between Microvision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (13)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and Microvision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (4)
10.5 | Microvision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (12)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (3)*
10.8 | Employment Agreement between Microvision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated April 7, 2009. (16)
10.9 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and Microvision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (6)
10.10 | Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 22, 2009 by and between the Company and Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
10.11 | Registration Rights Agreement dated June 22, 2009 by and between the Company and Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
10.12 | Warrant No. 120 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued June 22, 2009 to Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement,
Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30,
2002. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2003. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2005. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2005. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2005. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2005. (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2006. (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2006. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2008. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2009 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009 + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to
Item 15(b) of this Report. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC.
Date: March 10, 2010 | By | Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the following capacities on March 10, 2010. Signature | Title
/s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jeff Wilson Jeff Wilson | Chief Financial Officer
/s/ Richard A. Cowell Richard A. Cowell | Director
/s/ Slade Gorton Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ Jeanette Horan Jeanette Horan | Director
/s/ Perry Mulligan Perry Mulligan | Director
/s/ Brian Turner Brian Turner | Director EXHIBIT INDEX The following documents are filed herewith or have been included as exhibits to previous filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference as indicated below. 3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Microvision, Inc., as amended (14)
3.2 | Bylaws of Microvision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.3 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 11, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (5)
4.5 | Warrant No. 1 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Partners, Ltd. (7)
4.6 | Warrant No. 2 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 9, 2005 to Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (7)
4.7 | Warrant No. 88 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued August 31, 2005 to Omicron Master Trust (8)
4.8 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 30, 2005 by and among Microvision, Inc. and the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers thereto. (9)
4.9 | Registration Rights Agreement dated as of May 3, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and Satellite Strategic Finance Associates, LLC. (10)
4.10 | Form of Underwriter's Warrant Agreement dated June 5, 2006 by and between Microvision, Inc. and MDB Capital Group, LLC. (11)
4.11 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between Microvision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (13)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and Microvision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and Microvision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (4)
10.5 | Microvision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (12)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (3)*
10.8 | Employment Agreement between Microvision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated April 7, 2009. (16)
10.9 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and Microvision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (6)
10.10 | Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 22, 2009 by and between the Company and Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
10.11 | Registration Rights Agreement dated June 22, 2009 by and between the Company and Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
10.12 | Warrant No. 120 to Purchase Common Stock of Microvision, Inc. issued June 22, 2009 to Max Display Enterprises Limited (15)
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2003. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 14, 2005. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2005. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2005. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2005. (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2006. (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 31, 2006. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2008. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2008. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2009 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009 + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to
Item 15(b) of this Report.