8-K 1 d361480d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event Reported): June 21, 2021 MICROVISION, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware | 001-34170 | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6244 185th Avenue NE, Suite 100 Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name or
former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share | MVIS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On June 21, 2021, MicroVision, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (“Craig-Hallum”) pursuant to which the Company may
sell, at its option, up to an aggregate of $140 million in shares of its common stock through Craig-Hallum, as sales agent. Sales of the common stock made pursuant to the Sales Agreement, if any, will be made under the Company’s effective
Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on February 16, 2021 (the “Registration Statement”). Prior to any sales under the Sales Agreement, the Company will deliver a placement notice to
Craig-Hallum that will set the parameters for such sale of shares, including the number of shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of shares that may be sold in any one trading
day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, Craig-Hallum may sell the shares, if any, only by methods deemed to be an “at the market” offering as defined in Rule
415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation sales made directly through The Nasdaq Global Market, by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions, in negotiated transactions, to or through a market
maker other than on an exchange or otherwise, at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to such prevailing market prices, or at negotiated prices and/or any other method permitted by law. Craig-Hallum will use commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the shares in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement and any applicable placement notice. The Company cannot provide any assurances that it will issue any
shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The Company will pay Craig-Hallum a commission equal to (i) 2.35% of the first $50 million of gross proceeds
from the sale of shares of the Company’s common stock under the Sales Agreement and (ii) 2.00% of any additional gross proceeds from the sale of shares of the Company’s common stock under the Sales Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the
Sales Agreement, the Company also provided Craig-Hallum with customary indemnification rights. The offering of common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all of the common stock subject to
the Sales Agreement and (ii) the termination of the Sales Agreement by the Company or Craig-Hallum. Either party may terminate the agreement in its sole discretion at any time upon written notice to the other party. The Company currently anticipates that the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered under the Registration Statement will be used for general
corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, working capital and capital expenditures. * * * Certain statements contained in this filing, including those relating to amounts sold under the Sales Agreement and the use of proceeds therefrom, the value
of the Company’s technology, timing of products coming to market, management of finances, exploration of strategic alternatives with third parties and the Company’s future products and product applications are forward-looking statements
that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in such
forward-looking statements include the risk that the Company may not succeed in finding licensing or other strategic solutions, including a potential sale of the Company, with acceptable timing, benefits or costs; the Company’s ability to
operate with limited cash or to raise additional capital when needed; market acceptance of the Company’s technologies and products or for products incorporating the Company’s technologies; the failure of the Company’s commercial
partners to perform as expected under the Company’s agreements, including from the impact of COVID-19 (coronavirus); the Company’s ability to identify parties interested in paying any amounts or
amounts the Company deems desirable for the purchase or license of intellectual property assets; the Company’s or its customers’ failure to perform under open purchase orders; the Company’s financial and technical resources relative
to those of its competitors; the Company’s ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of its technologies; the Company’s ability to enforce its intellectual property rights and protect its proprietary
technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards and develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches and delays in product development; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products;
dependence on third parties to develop, manufacture, sell and market the Company’s products; potential product liability claims; the Company’s ability to maintain its listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market, and other risk factors identified
from time to time in the Company’s SEC reports, including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. These factors are not intended to represent a
complete list of the general or specific factors that may affect the Company. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, now or in the future, and the factors set forth
in this report may affect the Company to a greater extent than indicated. Except as expressly required by federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, changes in circumstances or any other reason. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . 1.1 | At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated June 21, 2021, by and between the Company and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP
23.1 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1) SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 21, 2021 MICROVISION, INC.
By: | /s/ Stephen P. Holt
Stephen P. Holt
Chief Financial Officer