10-Q 1 form10q.htm 10-Q March 31, 2013 10-Q Document UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013 OR [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________to _________ Commission file number 0-21221 MicroVision, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185th Avenue NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant's Telephone Number, including Area Code) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES x NO ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). YES x NO ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company x Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). YES ¨ NO x As of May 6, 2013, 25,273,000 shares of the Company's common stock, $0.001 par value, were outstanding. Page
Part I: Financial Information
Item 1. Financial Statements:
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 (unaudited) | 2
Consolidated Statements of Operations for three months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 (unaudited) | 3
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 (unaudited) | 4
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 (unaudited) | 5
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) | 6
Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 10
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 15
Item 4. Controls and Procedures | 16
Part II: Other Information
Item 1A. Risk Factors | 16
Item 6. Exhibits | 22
Signatures | 23
Exhibit Index | 24 1 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) March 31, | December 31,
2013 | 2012
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 3,310 | $ | 6,850
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $340 and $332 | 1,506 | 1,115
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts | 12 | 12
Inventory | 217 | 497
Other current assets | 699 | 1,221
Total current assets | 5,744 | 9,695
Property and equipment, net | 1,003 | 1,205
Restricted cash | 435 | 436
Intangible assets | 1,540 | 1,580
Other assets | 18 | 22
Total assets | $ | 8,740 | $ | 12,938
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 2,314 | $ | 3,035
Accrued liabilities | 3,501 | 4,007
Deferred revenue | 363 | 609
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts | 692 | 98
Current portion of capital lease obligations | 51 | 48
Current portion of long-term debt | 42 | 67
Total current liabilities | 6,963 | 7,864
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion | 5 | 20
Total liabilities | 6,968 | 7,884
Commitments and contingencies (Note 7)
Shareholders' Equity
Preferred stock, par value $.001; 25,000 shares authorized; 0 and
0 shares issued and outstanding | - | -
Common stock, par value $.001; 100,000 shares authorized; 25,253 and
25,237 shares issued and outstanding | 25 | 25
Additional paid-in capital | 442,932 | 442,560
Accumulated deficit | (441,185) | (437,531)
Total shareholders' equity | 1,772 | 5,054
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity | $ | 8,740 | $ | 12,938 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 2 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended
March 31,
2013 | 2012
Product revenue | $ | 1,219 | $ | 1,529
Contract revenue | 282 | 201
Development revenue | 300 | -
Total revenue | 1,801 | 1,730
Cost of product revenue | 664 | 4,175
Cost of contract revenue | 137 | 155
Total cost of revenue | 801 | 4,330
Gross margin | 1,000 | (2,600)
Research and development expense | 2,252 | 3,940
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 2,403 | 3,288
Gain on disposal of fixed assets | (2) | -
Total operating expenses | 4,653 | 7,228
Loss from operations | (3,653) | (9,828)
Other income (expense) | (1) | 25
Net loss | $ | (3,654) | $ | (9,803)
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.14) | $ | (0.58)
Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 25,240 | 17,027 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 3 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended
March 31,
2013 | 2012
Net loss | $ | (3,654) | $ | (9,803)
Other comprehensive gain (loss):
Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities,
available-for-sale | - | 5
Comprehensive loss | $ | (3,654) | $ | (9,798) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 4 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended
March 31,
2013 | 2012
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss | $ | (3,654) | $ | (9,803)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:
Depreciation | 239 | 613
Amortization of intangible assets | 40 | 46
Gain on disposal of property and equipment | (2) | -
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 385 | 373
Inventory write-downs | - | 1,094
Non-cash deferred rent | - | (44)
Change in:
Accounts receivable, net | (391) | 74
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts | - | 7
Inventory | 280 | 2,041
Other current assets | 509 | (140)
Other assets | 4 | -
Accounts payable | (754) | (792)
Accrued liabilities | (506) | (106)
Deferred revenue | (246) | -
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts | 594 | 446
Net cash used in operating activities | (3,502) | (6,191)
Cash flows from investing activities
Decrease in restricted cash | 1 | 350
Proceeds on sale of property and equipment | 2 | -
Purchases of property and equipment | (4) | (393)
Net cash used in investing activities | (1) | (43)
Cash flows from financing activities
Principal payments under capital leases and long-term debt | (37) | (33)
Net cash used in financing activities | (37) | (33)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents | (3,540) | (6,267)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period | 6,850 | 13,075
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period | $ | 3,310 | $ | 6,808
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest | $ | 5 | $ | 9
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities
Other non-cash additions to property and equipment | $ | 33 | $ | 86 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 5 MicroVision, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements March 31, 2013 (Unaudited) 1. MANAGEMENT'S STATEMENT AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION Management's Statement The Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2013, the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012, and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March
31, 2013 and 2012 have been prepared by MicroVision, Inc. ("we" or "us") and have not been audited. In the opinion of management,
all adjustments necessary to state fairly the financial position at March 31, 2013 and the results of operations, comprehensive loss and
cash flows for all periods presented have been made and consist of normal recurring adjustments. Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been
condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The year-end condensed balance
sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. You should read these condensed consolidated financial statements in conjunction
with the financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2012. The results of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2013 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results that
may be attained for the entire fiscal year. We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common
stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from contract revenues, collaborative
research and development agreements and product sales. At March 31, 2013, we had $3.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and a working capital deficit of $1.2
million. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time. We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional cash
will be available or that, if available, it will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not available
on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting our operations substantially to extend our funds as we pursue other financing
opportunities and business relationships. This limitation of operations could include delaying development projects and reductions in
staff and operating costs, including research and development, and capital expenditures. We are introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows.
Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with OEMs, introduce products incorporating the PicoP® display engine and image capture technologies and the market
acceptance and competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than anticipated, if the mix of revenues vary from
anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to further the
development of our technologies, for expenses associated with product development, and to respond to competitive pressures or to
meet unanticipated development difficulties. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with
systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. We have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2012 that includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern. 6 Principles of Consolidation Our condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of MicroVision, Inc. and MicroVision Innovations
Singapore Pte. Ltd. ("MicroVision Singapore"), a wholly owned foreign subsidiary. MicroVision Singapore was incorporated
in April 2011 and is engaged in operational support functions for MicroVision, Inc. There were no material intercompany accounts and
transactions during the three months ended March 31, 2013. 2. NET LOSS PER SHARE Basic net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting
periods. Diluted net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and taking into
account the dilutive effect of all potentially dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and convertible securities
outstanding. Potentially dilutive common stock equivalents primarily consist of warrants, employee stock options and nonvested equity
shares. Diluted net loss per share for the three months ended March 31, 2013 and 2012 is equal to basic net loss per share because
the effect of all potential common stock outstanding during the periods, including options, warrants and nonvested equity shares is
anti-dilutive. The components of basic and diluted net loss per share were as follows (in thousands, except loss per share data): Three Months Ended
March 31,
2013 | 2012
Numerator:
Net loss available for common shareholders - basic and diluted | $ | (3,654) | $ | (9,803)
Denominator:
Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 25,240 | 17,027
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.14) | $ | (0.58) On March 31, 2013 and 2012, we excluded the following convertible securities from diluted net loss per share, as the effect of
including them would have been anti-dilutive: publicly traded warrants exercisable for 753,000 and 753,000 shares of common stock,
respectively, options and private warrants exercisable into a total of 5,657,000 and 2,471,000 shares of common stock, respectively,
and 176,000 and 127,000 nonvested equity shares, respectively. 3. KEY ACCOUNTING POLICY - REVENUE RECOGNITION We evaluate the performance criteria and terms of our collaborative research and development agreements to
determine whether revenue should be recognized under a performance-based method or milestone method. Significant items included
in our evaluation are the following: the nature of our obligation under the agreement, whether provisions leading to variable revenues exist whether any payments are required to be repaid, whether the deliverables should be treated as one unit of accounting or separated into multiple units, whether substantive milestones exist, whether milestone payments are commensurate with either our level of effort or the increase in value of the customer's rights,
and whether a licensing agreement exists. In March 2013, we entered into and began work under a $4.6 million collaborative research and development agreement with a
customer researching and developing commercial applications for our technology. Our contributions under the collaborative agreement
include research services, components, and prototype devices and fixtures. Development revenues to be realized are subject to
successful completion of the deliverables as defined in the collaborative research and development agreement. Based on the terms of this agreement, we recognize development revenue as work progresses on the agreement and as our
customer accepts the deliverables using a proportional method based on the lesser of the cumulative proportion of total planned costs
to be incurred under the agreement or the cash payments received plus outstanding billings for work accepted by the customer. Since
our collaborative agreements generally require some level of technology development, the actual costs required to complete a contract
can vary from our estimates. The proportional revenue recognition method we use for collaborative research and development
agreements includes adjustments for revisions to estimated total agreement costs. Each period, we evaluate total estimated costs for
each agreement and include any significant revisions in the period we become aware of changes in estimated total costs. The costs for
work performed under collaborative research and development agreements are expensed in the periods incurred and included in the
Statement of Operations in research and development expense. 7 For the three months ended March 31, 2013, two commercial customers accounted for approximately 84% of our total revenue.
The accounts receivable balance from these customers was approximately 97% of our net accounts receivable balance at March 31,
2013. 4. INVENTORY Inventory consists of the following: March 31, | December 31,
2013 | 2012
Raw materials | $ | 149,000 | $ | 361,000
Finished goods | 68,000 | 136,000
$ | 217,000 | $ | 497,000 The inventory at March 31, 2013and December 31, 2012 consisted of components supplied under our
"Image by PicoP" ingredient brand business model, and finished goods primarily composed of our accessory pico projectors.
Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market. Management
periodically assesses the need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjusts the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable
value when required. In addition, we reduce the value of our inventory to our estimated scrap value when management determines that
it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through normal production during the next twelve months. In 2012, we recorded
inventory write-downs of $1,094,000. At March 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we have aggregate write-downs recorded of
$9,975,000 and $9,916,000, respectively, offsetting inventory on hand deemed to be obsolete or scrap inventory. 5. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over the requisite
service period for each award. The following table shows the amount of stock-based employee compensation expense included in the
consolidated statements of operations: Three Months Ended
March 31,
2013 | 2012
Cost of contract revenue | $ | 4,000 | $ | 6,000
Cost of product revenue | 1,000 | 20,000
Research and development expense | 160,000 | 137,000
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 220,000 | 215,000
Total share-based employee compensation expense | $ | 385,000 | $ | 378,000 Options Activity and Positions The following table summarizes shares, weighted average exercise price, weighted average remaining contractual term and
aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and options exercisable as of March 31,2013: Weighted
Average
Weighted | Remaining
Average | Contractual | Aggregate
Exercise | Term | Intrinsic
Options | Shares | Price | (years) | Value
Outstanding as of March 31, 2013 | 1,246,000 | $ | 13.47 | 6.8 | $ | -
Exercisable as of March 31, 2013 | 723,000 | $ | 20.33 | 5.1 | $ | - 8 As of March 31, 2013, our unamortized share-based employee compensation was $1.1 million which we plan to amortize over the
next 1.5 years and our unamortized nonvested equity share-based employee compensation was $331,000 which we plan to amortize
over the next 0.7 years. 6. LONG-TERM DEBT Tenant Improvement Loan Agreement During 2006, we entered into a loan agreement with the lessor of our corporate headquarters in Redmond, Washington to
finance $536,000 in tenant improvements. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of 9% per annum, is repayable through August 2013, the initial term of
the lease, and is secured by a letter of credit. The balance of the loan was $42,000 at March 31, 2013 and is classified as a current liability. 7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Litigation We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently
party to any legal proceedings that management believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Adverse purchase commitments We have periodically entered into noncancelable purchase contracts in order to ensure the availability of materials to support
production of our PicoP based products. We periodically assess the need to provide for impairment on these purchase contracts and
record a loss on purchase commitments when required. As of March 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 we had approximately
$522,000 and $634,000, respectively, accrued for adverse purchase commitments related to these purchase contracts. 8. NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance that will allow an entity to first
assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible
assets. Under this guidance, an entity would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the
entity determines, based on qualitative assessment, that it is not more likely than not, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.
This guidance is effective for impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption
permitted. We do not expect the implementation of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial statements. In February 2013, the FASB issued guidance that requires disclosure of amounts
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in its entirety, by component, on the face of the statement of operations or
in the notes thereto. Amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income must be cross-referenced to other
disclosures that provide additional detail. This standard is effective prospectively for annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2012. We do not expect the implementation of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial
statements. 9. SUBSEQUENT EVENT In April 2013, we signed a 65 month lease amendment on 24,000 square feet of combined use office and laboratory space that will become
our headquarter facility in Redmond, Washington. We expect to occupy these premises in June 2013. 9 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Statements The information set forth in this report in Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," and Item 3, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk," includes "forward-looking statements" within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and is subject to the safe harbor created by that section. Such statements may include,
but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative
arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision , as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words
"anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "may," "plan," "project," "will," and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected in our forward-looking statements include the following: our ability to obtain financing; market acceptance of our
technologies and products; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid
technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our
proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of
commercial product launches; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products; and other risk factors identified in this
report under the caption "Item 1A - Risk Factors." Overview We are developing our proprietary PicoP® display technology, which can be used by our customers to create high-resolution
miniature laser display and imaging engines. Our PicoP display technology utilizes our widely patented expertise in two
dimensional Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and electronics to create a high quality video or still image
from a small form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply
PicoP display technology directly or through licensing arrangements to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in market segments
including consumer electronics, automotive, and industrial for integration into their products. During 2012, we aligned our operations to our ingredient brand strategy, simplifying our operations and resulting in an expected
significant reduction to our future cash requirements. Our strategy is to focus our efforts on licensing our technology to partners who will
produce display engines based on PicoP display technology and incorporate the engine into their products. Our development efforts are
focused on supporting our customers in their manufacturing and integration and optimizing PicoP display technology for specific
applications. The primary objective for consumer applications is to provide users of mobile consumer devices such as smartphones, media
players, tablet PCs and other consumer electronics products with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small projector
either embedded in the device or via an attached accessory. These potential products would allow users to watch movies and videos,
play video games, and display images and other data onto a variety of surfaces, freeing users from the limitations of a small, palm-
sized screen. PicoP display technology could be further modified to be embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with
a see-through or occluded personal display to view movies, play games or access other content. PicoP display technology is currently sold by Pioneer Corporation as part of an aftermarket high-resolution head-up display (HUD)
that projects point-by-point navigation, critical operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator. With some
modification PicoP display technology could also be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone HUD. PicoP enabled devices can be used in field-based professions such as service repair or sales to view and share information such
as schematics for equipment repair, sales data, orders or contact information within a CRM application on a larger, more user-friendly
display. We also see potential for embedding PicoP display technology in industrial products where our displays could be used for 3D
measuring and digital signage, enhancing the overall user experience of these applications. We continue to enter into a limited
number of contracts with commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototypes and
demonstration units based on our light scanning technologies. 10 We develop and procure intellectual property rights relating to our technology as a key aspect of our business strategy. We
generate intellectual property from our internal research and development activities and our ongoing performance on development
contracts. We also have acquired exclusive rights to various technologies under licensing and acquisition agreements. We currently sell our SHOWWX line of pico projectors. In 2012, we reduced our sales and marketing for these products and we do
not expect to increase our investment in the SHOWWX product in the future. We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a substantial loss during the fiscal year ending December
31, 2013. Results of Operations Product revenue. (in thousands) | 2013 | 2012 | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 1,219 | $ | 1,529 | $ | (310) | (20.3) Product revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2013 primarily includes sales of components to Pioneer under our "Image by
PicoP" ingredient brand business model. Product revenue during the three months ended March 31, 2012 primarily included
sales of our SHOWWX™ line of accessory pico projectors and our PicoP display engines. Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions. We recognize product revenue upon acceptance of the product by the
customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return.
Provisions
are made for warranties at the time revenue is recorded. Warranty expense was not material for any periods presented. Pioneer has reported a group net loss for the period April to December 2012. The group net loss has been attributed in part due to
lower financial performance for its car navigation system business. As a result of this performance, we have reduced our expectations
for significant 2013 follow-on orders for their after-market HUD product. Product revenue was lower during the three months ended March 31, 2013 than the same period in 2012, due to decreased sales
of our PicoP display engines and finished units. These decreases were partially offset by increased component sales. The backlog of product orders at March 31,
2013 was approximately $744,000, compared to $305,000 at March 31, 2012. The product backlog is scheduled for delivery within one
year. Contract revenue. % of | % of
contract | contract
(in thousands) | 2013 | revenue | 2012 | revenue | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31
Commercial revenue | $ | 282 | 100.0 | $ | 98 | 48.8 | $ | 184 | 187.8
Government revenue | - | - | 103 | 51.2 | (103) | (100.0)
Total contract revenue | $ | 282 | $ | 201 | $ | 81 | 40.3 11 We earn contract revenue from performance on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts with commercial customers and the U.S. government and
from the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits based on our PicoP display engine and sales of test equipment built specifically for
use in PicoP display engine production. Our contract revenue from these contracts in a particular period is dependent upon
when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical resources to perform
work on the contracts. Our contract revenue from sales of prototype units and evaluation kits may vary substantially due to the timing of
orders from customers and potential constraints on resources. We recognize contract revenue as work progresses on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the
percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs. We have developed
processes that allow us to make reasonable estimates of the cost to complete a contract. When we begin work on the contract and at
the end of each accounting period, we estimate the costs required to complete the contract and compare these estimates to costs
incurred to date. Since our contracts generally require some level of technology development, the actual costs required to complete a
contract can vary from our estimates. Recognized revenues are subject to revisions as actual cost becomes certain. Revisions in
revenue estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. In the future, revisions in
these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period. We recognize contract revenue on the sale of prototype units and evaluation
kits , upon acceptance of the deliverables by the customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after which there
are no rights of return. While we anticipate future revenue from these units, quarterly revenue may vary substantially due to the timing
of orders from customers and potential constraints on resources. Contract revenue was higher during the three months ended March 31, 2013 than the same period in 2012 primarily due to
higher prototype unit sales in 2013 compared to the prior year. Our contract backlog at March 31, 2013 was $45,000 compared to $1.2 million at March 31, 2012. The backlog is scheduled for
completion during the next twelve months. Development revenue. (in thousands) | 2013 | 2012 | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 300 | $ | - | $ | 300 | - We earn development revenue from performance on collaborative research and development agreements with commercial
customers researching and developing commercial applications for our technology. Our contributions under the collaborative
agreements generally include research services, components, and prototype devices and fixtures. Our development revenue from
such agreements in a particular period is dependent upon the values and timing of agreements, and the availability of technical
resources to perform the work. We evaluate the performance criteria and terms of our collaborative research and development
agreements to determine whether revenue should be recognized under a performance-based method or milestone method. In March 2013, we entered into a $4.6 million collaborative research and development agreement with a prominent electronics
company to incorporate our PicoP® display technology into a display engine that could enable a variety of new products. During the
three months ended March 31, 2013, $300,000 of revenue was recognized on this agreement. 12 Based on the terms of this agreement, we recognize development revenue as work progresses on the agreement and as our
customer accepts the deliverables using a proportional method based on the lesser of the cumulative proportion of total planned costs to be
incurred under the agreement or the cash payments received plus outstanding billings for work accepted by the customer. Since
our collaborative agreements generally require some level of technology development, the actual costs required to complete a contract
can vary from our estimates. The proportional revenue recognition method we use for collaborative research and development
agreements includes adjustments for revisions to estimated total agreement costs. Each period, we evaluate total estimated costs for
each agreement and include any significant revisions in the period we become aware of changes in estimated total costs. In the future,
revisions in these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period. Our backlog of collaborative research and development agreements at March 31, 2013 was $4.3 million compared to zero at March
31, 2012. The backlog is scheduled for completion during the next twelve months. Cost of product revenue. % of | % of
product | product
(in thousands) | 2013 | revenue | 2012 | revenue | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 664 | 54.5 | $ | 4,175 | 273.1 | $ | (3,511) | (84.1) Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect cost of manufacturing products sold to customers. Direct costs
include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor,
manufacturing overhead, and other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Manufacturing
overhead includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, and facility and depreciation costs, and is allocated to cost of
product revenue based on the proportion of direct material purchased to support production. In the event that we maintain production
capacity in excess of production requirements, cost of product revenue may also include manufacturing overhead associated with the
excess capacity. Cost of product revenue was substantially lower during the three months ended March 31, 2013 than the same period in 2012
primarily because of a change in product mix from lower margin SHOWWX products to sales of higher margin components to support Pioneer's Cyber
Navi production and decreased inventory write downs compared to the prior year. Our costs to produce pico projectors during the three
months ended March 31, 2012 were substantially higher than product revenue. During the three months ended March 31, 2012, cost of
product revenue included a net write down of $1.1 million for inventory in stock at the end of the quarter and expense of approximately
$244,000 of manufacturing overhead associated with production capacity in excess of production requirements. The cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the
product mix and volume, the level of overhead expense and the volume of direct material purchased. It decreased substantially during
the three months ended March 31,2013 than the same period in 2012 due to costs incurred in 2012 associated with aligning our
operations to our ingredient brand strategy per above. Cost of contract revenue. % of | % of
contract | contract
(in thousands) | 2013 | revenue | 2012 | revenue | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 137 | 48.6 | $ | 155 | 77.1 | $ | (18) | (11.6) Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts and
producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in performing on a
contract or producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating our
research and development department and building our technical capabilities and capacity. Cost of contract revenue is determined by
the level of direct and indirect costs incurred, which can fluctuate substantially from period to period. 13 Cost of contract revenue was lower during the three months ended March 31, 2013 than the same period in 2012 as a result of
increased shipments of higher margin prototype units in 2013 compared to performance om lower margin contracts in 2012. The cost of contract revenue as a
percentage of contract revenue was higher in the three months ended March 31, 2013, than in the comparable period in 2012 due to
the cost mix on of the activity performed in each of the periods. The cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the contract cost
mix and the levels of direct and indirect costs incurred. Research and development expense. (in thousands) | 2013 | 2012 | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 2,252 | $ | 3,940 | $ | (1,688) | (42.8) Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal
research and product development activities, direct material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced
development and processing work, and other operating expenses. We include costs for work performed under collaborative research
and development agreements in research and development costs in the periods incurred. We allocate our research and development
resources based on the business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual
commitments we have made to customers. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to further develop our PicoP
technology and to support our customers to integrate our technology into their products under the ingredient brand business model.
Accordingly, we anticipate our level of research and development spending will continue to be substantial. We believe that under the
ingredient brand business model, we will have lower research and development spending in the future than had we not implemented
the strategy. The decrease in research and development expense during the three months ended March 31, 2013, compared to the same period
in 2012, is primarily attributable to decreased payroll costs associated with reductions in staffing levels and lower subcontracted
services compared to the prior year. Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense. (in thousands) | 2013 | 2012 | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | 2,403 | $ | 3,288 | $ | (885) | (26.9) Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing, sales, management
and administrative staff, and for other general and administrative costs, including legal and accounting services, consultants and other
operating expenses. We believe that under the ingredient brand business model we will have lower sales, marketing, general and
administrative spending in the future than had we not implemented the strategy. The decrease in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense during the three months ended March 31, 2013, compared
to the same period in 2012, is primarily due to decreased payroll costs associated with reductions in staffing levels compared to the
prior year. Other income (expense). (in thousands) | 2013 | 2012 | $ change | % change
Three months ended March 31 | $ | (1) | $ | 25 | $ | (26) | (104.0) The change in other income (expense) for the three months ended March 31, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012
resulted primarily from prior year sales of excess inventory during the three months ended March 31, 2012. 14 Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily
through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from
contract revenues, collaborative research and development agreements and product sales. At March 31, 2013, we had $3.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and a working
capital deficit of $1.2 million. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time.
We plan to obtain additional cash
through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional cash will be available or that, if available, it
will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis, we intend to
consider limiting our operations substantially. This limitation of operations could include reducing our planned investment in
development projects resulting in reductions in staff, operating costs, capital expenditures and investment in research and
development.. We received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the consolidated financial statements for the
year ended December 31, 2012 that includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern. These financial statements are prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. Cash used in operating activities totaled $3.5 million during the three months ended March 31, 2013, compared to $6.2 million
during the same period in 2012. During the three months ended March 31, 2013, the decrease in net cash used in operating activities
was primarily driven by lower personnel costs and increased margins on product sales, as well as savings resulting from steps taken to
lower our cash use as we aligned our operations with our ingredient brand strategy. Net cash used in investing activities totaled $1,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2013 compared to net cash used in
investing activities of $43,000 during the three months ended March 31, 2012. During the three months ended March 31, 2013, the
change in net cash used in investing activities was primarily driven by prior year activity which did not occur in the current year. Prior
year activity included a $350,000 decrease of our restricted cash offset by purchases of property and equipment totaling $393,000. Net cash used in financing activities totaled $37,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2013 compared to net cash used in
financing activities of $33,000 during the same period in 2012. Activity during both periods consisted of principal payments on capital
leases and debt. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of March 31, 2013, all of our cash and cash equivalents have variable interest rates. Therefore, we believe our exposure to
market and interest rate risks is not material. Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should select investments to achieve the following goals:
principal preservation, adequate liquidity and return. As of March 31, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-term
highly rated money market savings accounts. The values of cash and cash equivalents by maturity date as of March 31, 2013, are as follows: (amount in thousands) | Amount | Percent
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 3,310 | 100.00 | %
Less than one year | - | - | %
$ | 3,310 | 100.00 | % 15 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk All of our contract and collaborative research and development agreements
payments are currently made in U.S. dollars. However, in the future we may enter into contracts or collaborative research and development agreements
in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We have purchase orders and supply agreements in
foreign currencies and may enter into such arrangements from time to time in the future. We believe our exposure to currency
fluctuations related to these arrangements is not material. We may enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure
to currency fluctuations when we can adequately determine the timing and amounts of the exposure. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report and, based on this evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Relating to the MicroVision Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. As of March 31, 2013, we had an accumulated deficit of $441.2 million. We incurred consolidated net losses of $414.8 million from inception through 2011, $22.7 million in 2012, and a net loss of $3.7 million in the three months ended March 31, 2013. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by
companies formed to develop and market new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research
and development of our technology platform and development of demonstration units. We are unable to accurately estimate future
revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional contracts or collaborative research and development agreements or
that we will be able to obtain substantial
customer orders for our products. In light of these factors, we expect to continue to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow at
least through 2013 and likely thereafter. We cannot be certain that we will achieve positive cash flow at any time in the future. We will require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan. If we do not
obtain additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations substantially. Raising additional capital may dilute the value of
current shareholders' shares. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time.
We plan to obtain additional cash through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. 16 We are introducing new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows.
Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce products incorporating PicoP display technology and the market
acceptance and competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues varies from
anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our
operations. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with systems and equipment
manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us, or if available, on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional
capital may involve issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of
current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis we intend to consider limiting our operations
substantially to extend out funds as we pursue other financing opportunities and business relationships. This limitation of operations
could include delaying development projects and reductions in staff, operating costs, including research and development, and capital
expenditures. We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market our products. Our strategy for commercializing our technology and products incorporating PicoP display technology includes entering into
cooperative development, manufacturing, sales and marketing arrangements with corporate partners, original equipment manufacturers
and other third parties. We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, or that these
arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable products. If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require
additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and marketing expertise
that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant delays in introducing
PicoP display technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating the PicoP display engine would
not be feasible. To the extent that we enter into cooperative development, sales and marketing or other joint venture arrangements, our
revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We cannot be certain that any such arrangements will be successful. We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating PicoP display technology will achieve market
acceptance. If products incorporating PicoP display technology do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues may not grow. Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of PicoP display technology. PicoP display technology may not be
accepted by manufacturers who use display technologies in their products, by systems integrators who incorporate our products into
their products or by end users of these products. To be accepted, PicoP display technology must meet the expectations of our potential
customers in the consumer, automotive, industrial, and other markets. If our technology fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not
be able to continue to develop our technology platform. Future products based on our PicoP display technology are dependent on advances in technology by other companies. Our PicoP display technology will continue to rely on technologies, such as light sources, MEMS and optical components that are
developed and produced by other companies. The commercial success of certain future products based on our technology will depend
in part on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may, from time to time, contract with and support
companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for our or our customers' specific uses. There
are no guarantees that such activities will result in useful technologies or components for us. We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our quarterly performance may vary substantially and this
variance, as well as general market conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to
litigation. Since 2010, most of our revenues have been generated from product sales to a limited number of customers and distribution
partners. In 2012, 61% of our revenue was generated from sales to one commercial customer. For the three months ended March 31,
2013, two commercial customers accounted for approximately 84% of our total revenue. Our quarterly operating results may vary
significantly based on: commercial acceptance of PicoP-based products; changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; announcements by other companies in our industry; changes in business or regulatory conditions; announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; 17 the status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; economic and stock market conditions; or other factors unrelated to our company or industry. In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and the
trading price of our common stock may decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company's securities, shareholders often have instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we become involved
in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial
damages. We or our customers may fail to perform under collaborative research and development agreements, contracts and open
orders, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. Our backlog totaled $5.1 million as of March 31, 2013. We may be unable to meet the performance requirements, including
performance specifications or delivery dates, required by such collaborative research and development agreements, contracts or
purchase orders. Further, our customers may be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations thereunder on a timely basis or
at all if, among other reasons, our products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance, our customers' products and
technologies do not achieve market acceptance or our customers otherwise fail to achieve their operating goals. To the extent we
are unable to perform under such collaborative research and development agreements, contracts or purchase orders or to the extent
customers are unable or unwilling to perform, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market or maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Global Market. Our common stock is listed for quotation on The NASDAQ Global Market. To keep our listing on this market, we must meet
NASDAQ's listing maintenance standards. If we are unable to continue to meet NASDAQ'S listing maintenance standards for any
reason, our common stock could be delisted from The NASDAQ Global Market. If our common stock were delisted, we likely would
seek to list the common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange or on a regional stock exchange. Listing
on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock were not listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market or an exchange, trading of our common stock would be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic
bulletin board established for unlisted securities or directly through market makers in our common stock. If our common stock were to
trade in the over-the-counter market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price
of, the common stock. A delisting from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on such other market or exchange
would subject our securities to so-called penny stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on
broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to
obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our
common stock and the ability of purchasers of our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition, when the
market price of our common stock is less than $5.00 per share, we become subject to penny stock rules even if our common stock is
still listed on The NASDAQ Global Market. While the penny stock rules should not affect the quotation of our common stock on The
NASDAQ Global Market, these rules may further limit the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of investors to sell our
common stock in the secondary market. The market price of our stock has mostly traded below $5.00 per share during 2012 and 2011.
On May 6, 2013, the closing price of our stock was $2.20. 18 Our lack of financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market
share or value. Our current products and potential future products will compete with established manufacturers of existing products and companies
developing new technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we have.
Because of their greater resources, our competitors may develop products or technologies that are superior to our own. The
introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share,
any of which could reduce the value of our business. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer. The information display industry has been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product obsolescence and
continuously evolving industry standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our technology platform and to
cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with
competitors' product advances. We may not succeed in these efforts because of: delays in product development; lack of market acceptance for our products; or lack of funds to invest in product development and marketing. The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value. We could face lawsuits related to our use of PicoP display technology or other technologies. Defending these suits would be
costly and time consuming. An adverse outcome in any such matter could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and
products, reduce our revenues and increase our operating expenses. We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and image capture
products. These patents could be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or
broader patent rights of our patents or patents we have licensed. A successful challenge to the validity of our patents or patents we
have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and the PicoP display engine and, consequently, materially reduce
our revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to
current and future technology. Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that presently
pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and
prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse
outcome in the defense of a patent suit could subject us to significant costs, to require others and us to cease selling products that
incorporate PicoP display technology, to cease licensing our technology or to require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties.
Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our future
co- development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for damages or expenses they
incur. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective
planning and management process. The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and
will continue to place, a significant strain on our management systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial
and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and will need to continue to train and manage our work force. Our products may be subject to future health and safety regulations that could increase our development and production costs. Products incorporating PicoP display technology could become subject to new health and safety regulations that would reduce our
ability to commercialize PicoP display technology. Compliance with any such new regulations would likely increase our cost to develop
and produce products using PicoP display technology and adversely affect our financial results. 19 Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in the
markets we address. In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity,
concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and
adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and financial conditions could materially
adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products and (iii) our ability to
commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic
recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our operating results could be harmed by economic,
political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. We currently use foreign manufacturers and plan to continue to use foreign manufacturers to manufacture future products, where
appropriate. These international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including: political and economic instability; high levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; foreign taxes; changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and changes or volatility in currency exchange rates. Qualifying a new contract manufacturer or foundry for our products could cause us to experience delays that result in lost
revenues and damaged customer relationships. We rely on single suppliers to manufacture our PicoP display engine and our MEMS chips in wafer form. The lead time required to
establish a relationship with a new contract manufacturer or foundry is long, and it takes time to adapt a product's design to a particular
manufacturer's processes. Accordingly, there is no readily available alternative source of supply for these products and components in
high volumes. Changing our source of supply and manufacture could cause significant delays in shipping products which may result in
lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant third-party manufacturing resources. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive
prices. Accordingly, we will be required to obtain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing
capacity and processes for the commercial production of our expected future products. We cannot be certain that we will successfully
obtain access to sufficient manufacturing resources. Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers could result in a limitation on the
number of products incorporating our technology that we are able to produce. If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products and technology, we may
be unable to compete with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual property
protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success will
depend in part on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of the PicoP display and other key
technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade secrets. We try to
protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third-party patents,
related to proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However,
our patent position and the patent position of our licensors involve complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United
States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly
and can change. Additionally, the scope of patents are subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges
and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the
extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which the patents that we already
own or license from others protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or
owned patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete with ours on the
basis of the same or similar technology. 20 We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position. We
try to protect this know- how and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners
with a need to know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our
employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or
confidential information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a
patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be materially harmed. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management
attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We may be subject to product liability claims if any of our product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects.
For example, because some of our PicoP displays are designed to scan a low power beam of colored light into the user's eye, the
testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against
us. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time
and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder
acceptance of our products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in
the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or
otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles, which make it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast our
revenues. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have lengthy sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determination of a product
application, exploring the technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a product and manufacturing
or contracting out the manufacturing of the product. Our long sales cycle, which can last several years, makes it difficult to predict the
quarter in which contract signing and revenue recognition will occur. Delays in entering into contracts and collaborative research and development agreements could cause
significant variability in our revenues and operating results for any particular quarterly period. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements may not lead to products that will be
profitable. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements, including without
limitation those discussed in this document, are exploratory in nature and are intended to develop new types of products for new
applications. These efforts may prove unsuccessful and these relationships may not result in the development of products that will be
profitable. If we lose our rights under our third-party technology licenses, our operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends in part on technology rights licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights to use
the technology under our licenses if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the licenses. In addition, certain
licensors may terminate a license upon our breach and have the right to consent to sublicense arrangements. If we were to lose our
rights under any of these licenses, or if we were unable to obtain required consents to future sublicenses, we could lose a competitive
advantage in the market, and may even lose the ability to commercialize certain products completely. Either of these results could
substantially decrease our revenues. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new
personnel. Achievement of our business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing,
research and product development and manufacturing. Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to
attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our
business. 21 ITEM 6. Exhibits 10.1 | Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between Arden Realty Limited Partnership and MicroVision, Inc. executed on April 15, 2013.
31.1 | Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2 | Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1 | Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2 | Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
* | Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 22 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC. Date: May 10, 2013 | BY: | /s/ Alexander Y. Tokman
Alexander Y. Tokman
Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: May 10, 2013 | BY: | /s/ Stephen P. Holt
Stephen P. Holt
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 23 EXHIBIT INDEX The following documents are filed herewith. Exhibit Number | Description
10.1 | Second Amendment to Lease Agreement between Arden Realty Limited Partnership and MicroVision, Inc. executed on April 15, 2013.
31.1 | Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2 | Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1 | Chief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2 | Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS* | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
101.DEF* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
101.LAB* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
101.PRE* | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
* | Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 24