S-3 1 d431207ds3.htm FORM S-3 Form S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2012 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MICROVISION, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185 th Avenue NE Redmond, WA 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of principal executive offices) Thomas M. Walker Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary MicroVision, Inc. 6222 185 th Avenue NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Please send copies of all communications to: Joel F. Freedman Ropes & Gray LLP Prudential Tower 800 Boylston Street Boston, Massachusetts 02199 (617) 951-7000 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. If the only securities being registered on this form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ¨ If any of the securities being registered on this form are
to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. x If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant
to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement under the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ¨ If this form is a post effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ¨ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to
General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box: ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a
registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one): Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | ¨
Non-accelerated filer | ¨ ( Do not check if a smaller reporting company ) | Smaller Reporting Company | x CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered | Amount to be registered | Proposed maximum offering price per share(1) | Proposed maximum aggregate offering price | Amount of registration fee
Common Stock, par value $.001 per share | 2,100,000 | $2.65 | $5,565,000 | $760 (1) | Represents the exercise price of the warrants. The
Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall
thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said
Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these
securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the
offer or sale is prohibited. Subject to Completion November 1, 2012 PROSPECTUS MicroVision, Inc. Common Stock 2,100,000 Shares This prospectus relates to the offering by us of 2,100,000 shares of our common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of warrants
that we sold in connection with the public offering completed on June 20, 2012. See “Warrants.” Our common
stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “MVIS.” On October 31, 2012 the closing price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market was $2.28 per share. The securities offered in this prospectus involve a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information under the
heading “ Risk Factors ” set forth herein on page 1 and in our filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in determining whether to
purchase our securities. Our executive offices are located at 6222 185 th Avenue NE, Redmond, Washington 98052, and our telephone number is
(425) 936-6847. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
RISK FACTORS | 1
THE COMPANY | 2
WARRANTS | 2
USE OF PROCEEDS | 2
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 2
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 2
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 2
LEGAL MATTERS | 3
EXPERTS | 3 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and is subject to the safe harbor created by that section. Such
statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, as well as
assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words “anticipate,” “designed to,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “may,” “plan,” “project,”
“will,” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements include the
following: our ability to obtain financing; market acceptance of our technologies and products; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation
of our technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product
launches; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products; and other factors incorporated by reference into this prospectus. These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific factors that may
affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, now or in the future, and the factors set forth in this prospectus may affect us to a greater extent than
indicated. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in or incorporated into this prospectus. Except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the
specific risks set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, each as amended or supplemented, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as the same
may be amended, supplemented or superseded by our subsequent quarterly reports or other filings, including filings after the date hereof, with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. The risks and uncertainties we describe are
not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
would likely suffer. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 1 Table of Contents THE COMPANY MicroVision provides the PicoP ® display technology platform designed to enable next-generation display and imaging products for consumer devices, vehicle displays and wearable displays. Our PicoP
projection display technology uses highly efficient laser light sources which can create vivid images with high contrast and brightness. WARRANTS In connection with our public offering
completed on June 20, 2012, we entered into an Underwriting Agreement dated June 15, 2012 with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., pursuant to which we sold 4,200,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 2,100,000 shares of our
common stock (the “Warrants”). This prospectus relates to the offering of the shares issuable upon exercise of Warrants. The Warrants, which are exercisable on or after June 20, 2013 and on or before June 20, 2017, entitle the
holders thereof to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $2.65 per share. USE OF PROCEEDS We would receive proceeds of approximately $5,565,000 if all of the Warrants were exercised for cash. We anticipate that the net proceeds, if any, would be used for general corporate purposes, which may
include, but are not limited to, working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions of other technologies. Pending the application of any net proceeds, we expect to invest any proceeds in investment-grade, interest-bearing instruments or other
securities. We anticipate that warrants will be exercised from time to time based upon the decisions of the individual warrant holders. To the extent that warrants are not exercised, our net proceeds will be reduced. There is no assurance that any
or all warrants will be exercised or that we will receive the net proceeds that would be available if all warrants had been exercised. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION The shares issuable upon
exercise of the Warrants are offered solely by us, and no underwriters are participating in this offering. We anticipate that the shares offered will be previously authorized but unissued. Warrants may be exercised by giving written notice and
paying the exercise price in accordance with their terms. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy
any document we file at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public
from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY
REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we file with them, which means that
we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, and the information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update
and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the time that all securities covered by
this prospectus have been sold; provided, however, that we are not incorporating any information furnished under any of Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 (including exhibits furnished under Item 9.01 in connection with information furnished
under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01) of any current report on Form 8-K: • | Our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2012, and amendment no. 1 to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on October 30, 2012; 2 Table of Contents • | Our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2012 and June 30, 2012, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2012 and August 7, 2012, respectively; • | Our current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2012, February 17, 2012, May 22, 2012, June 11, 2012, June 18, 2012, September 21, 2012 and October 3, 2012; • | Any other filings we make pursuant to the Exchange Act after the filing date of the initial registration statement and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement; and • | The description of our common stock set forth in Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-5276-LA), including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description, as incorporated by reference in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (Registration No. 0-21221). You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: MicroVision, Inc. 6222 185th Avenue NE Redmond, Washington 98052 Attention: Investor Relations (425) 936-6847 This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. You should rely only on the information or representations provided in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone
to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on
the front of the document. LEGAL MATTERS For the purpose of this offering, Ropes & Gray LLP, Boston, Massachusetts, is giving its opinion on the validity of the
securities offered hereby. EXPERTS The financial statements incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2011 and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this
Prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 3 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Distribution SEC Registration Fee | $ | 760
Blue Sky Fees and Expenses* | 1,000
Legal Fees and Expenses* | 15,000
Printing Expenses* | 8,000
Accounting Fees and Expenses* | 5,000
Miscellaneous* | 1,240
Total Expenses | $ | 31,000 * | Estimated Item 15. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including
attorney’s fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Section 145 further provides that a corporation
similarly may indemnify any such person serving in any such capacity who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its
favor, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware
Court of Chancery or such other court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL permits a corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a provision eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for
any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
the DGCL (relating to unlawful payment of dividends and unlawful stock purchase and redemption) or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Registrant’s Certificate provides that the Company’s Directors shall not be liable to the Registrant or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except to the extent that exculpation from liabilities is not permitted under the DGCL as in effect at the time such liability is determined. The Registrant’s Certificate further
provides that the Registrant shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. II-1 Table of Contents The Company has a liability insurance policy in effect which covers certain claims against
any officer or director of the Company by reason of certain breaches of duty, neglect, errors or omissions committed by such person in his or her capacity as an officer or director. For the undertaking with respect to indemnification, see Item 17 herein. Item 16. | Exhibits Title of Exhibit
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
23.2 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Powers of Attorney. Item 17. | Undertakings Insofar as
indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the provisions set forth in Item 15 above, or otherwise, the registrant has
been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling
person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is
incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or
the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume
of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set fort in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in
the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of
distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided, however, that paragraphs (l)(i), (l)(ii) and (l)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports
filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. II-2 Table of Contents (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933,
each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain
unsold at the termination of the offering. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly
caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on the 1st day of November, 2012. MICROVISION, INC.
By: | /s/ Thomas M. Walker
Name: | Thomas M. Walker
Title: | Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by
the following persons in the capacities indicated below on the 1st day of November, 2012. Signature | Title
/s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jeff T. Wilson Jeff T. Wilson | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ * Richard A. Cowell | Director
/s/ * Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ * Perry Mulligan | Director
/s/ * Jeanette Horan | Director
/s/ * Brian Turner | Director *By: | /s/ Thomas M. Walker
Attorney-in-Fact Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Number | Title of Exhibit
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
23.2 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Powers of Attorney.