10-K 1 body10k.htm 10-K FY2012 10-K DOC UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number 0-21221 MicroVision, Inc. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185th Ave NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices including Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $.001 par value | NASDAQ Global Market Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a
smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company"
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2012 was
approximately $40.0 million (based on the closing price for the registrant's Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global
Market of $1.61 per share). The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of March 7, 2013 was 25,237,000. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection
with the registrant's 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated herein by reference into Part III of this report. MicroVision, Inc. 2011 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. | Page
Item 1. | Description of Business | 2
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 7
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 13
Item 2. | Properties | 13
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 13
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 13
Item 4A. | Executive Officers of the Registrant | 13
Part II.
Item 5. | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securites | 14
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 15
Item 7. | Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 16
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks | 23
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 24
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 47
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 47
Item 9B. | Other Information | 47
Part III.
Item 10. | Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 48
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 48
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 48
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | 48
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | 48
Part IV.
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules | 49
Signatures | 51 PART I Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"),
and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of
revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, technology development
by third parties, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words
"anticipate," "could," "would," "believe," "estimate," "expect,"
"goal," "may," "plan," "project," "will," and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements
include the following: our ability to obtain financing; market acceptance of our technologies and products; our financial and technical
resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our
technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional
contract awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches; the ability to achieve key
technical milestones in key products; and other risk factors identified below in Item 1A. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are developing our proprietary PicoP® display technology which can be used by our customers to create high-resolution
miniature laser display and imaging engines. Our PicoP display technology utilizes our widely patented expertise in two dimensional
Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics, and electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a small
form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply PicoP display
technology directly or through licensing arrangements to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in market segments including
consumer electronics, automotive, and industrial for integration into their products. During 2012, we aligned our operations to our ingredient brand strategy, simplifying our operations and resulting in an expected
significant reduction to our future cash requirements. Our strategy is to focus our efforts on licensing our technology to partners who will
produce display engines based on PicoP display technology and incorporate the engine into their products. Our development efforts are
focused on supporting our customers in their manufacturing and integration and optimizing PicoP display technology for specific
applications. The primary objective for consumer applications is to provide users of mobile consumer devices such as smartphones, media
players, tablet PCs and other consumer electronics products with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small projector
either embedded in the device or via an attached accessory. These potential products would allow users to watch movies and videos,
play video games, and display images and other data onto a variety of surfaces, freeing users from the limitations of a small,
palm-sized screen. PicoP display technology could be further modified to be embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with
a see-through or occluded personal display to view movies, play games or access other content. PicoP display technology is currently sold by Pioneer Corporation as part of an aftermarket high-resolution head-up display (HUD)
that projects point-by-point navigation, critical operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator. With some
modification PicoP display technology could also be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone HUD. PicoP enabled devices can be used in field-based professions such as service repair or sales to view and share information such
as schematics for equipment repair, sales data, orders or contact information within a CRM application on a larger, more user-friendly
display. We also see potential for embedding PicoP display technology in industrial products where our displays could be used for 3D
measuring and digital signage, enhancing the overall user experience of these applications. We continue to enter into a limited number
of development agreements with commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototypes and demonstration units
based on our light scanning technologies. 2 We develop and procure intellectual property rights relating to our technology as a key aspect of our business strategy. We
generate intellectual property from our internal research and development activities and our ongoing performance on development
contracts. We also have acquired exclusive rights to various technologies under licensing and acquisition agreements. We currently sell our SHOWWX™ line of pico projectors. In 2012, we reduced our sales and marketing for these
products and we do not expect to increase our investment in the SHOWWX product in the future. We also currently sell our ROV hand held bar code scanners, which use our proprietary MEMS technology, and bar code scanner
enabled enterprise solutions. We reduced our sales and marketing efforts on the bar code product in 2009 and we do not expect to
increase our investment in the bar code product in the future. Technology Our patented PicoP display technology includes a single-mirror MEMS scanner, laser light sources, electronics, and optics
combined using our proprietary system control expertise, gained through years of internal research and development. Our bi-
directional MEMS scanning mirror is a key component of our technology platform and is one of our core competencies. Our MEMS
design is a silicon device with a tiny mirror at the center. This mirror is connected to small flexures which allow it to oscillate vertically
and horizontally to capture (imaging) or reproduce (display) an image pixel-by-pixel. PicoP display technology create a brilliant, full
color, high contrast, uniform display over the entire field of view, from a small and thin package. We believe that our proprietary PicoP
display technology offers significant advantages over traditional display and imaging systems. Depending on the specific product
application, these advantages may include: Small and thin package size High brightness and contrast with 100% brightness uniformity Rich, saturated color reproduction Higher resolution Clear text readability Reduced power requirements that enable battery operation Simple optical design that does not require complex focusing lenses Lower price at volume PicoP display technology currently uses red, blue and green laser diodes as the light source for the projector.
Historically, the availability of green lasers has been constrained due to their complexity and a limited number of manufacturers. While the
manufacturing complexity of the green laser has improved there continue to be a limited number of suppliers. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to commercialize our technology in the form of licensing arrangements whereby leading OEMS integrate
and embed PicoP display technology across a broad range of display and imaging product applications. Presently, we are focused on
the following steps to implement our business strategy: Continue rapid advancement of our technology platform and value-add applications. Target leading OEMs to integrate our PicoP technology into their products. Partner with original design manufacturers (ODMs) and Automotive Tier 1 suppliers to produce advanced prototypes and
demonstration units using PicoP display technology, in order to market the benefits of our technology by us or our partners to OEM
customers while minimizing our own development costs. Supply key components for the display engine being developed by OEMs and ODMs who license PicoP display technology. Maintain a position of leadership with our intellectual property around PicoP display technology. Pioneer is our first customer under the business model whereby we sell components and receive a license fee and royalties for our
PicoP display technology. In 2012 Pioneer launched their Cyber Navi HUD incorporating MicroVision's PicoP display technology. We
are supplying Pioneer with the MEMs and key electronics for their production of the Cyber Navi system. 3 Marketing Focus: Mobile Device Displays The use of mobile devices worldwide has grown significantly in the last decade and consumers' awareness and willingness to use
mobile devices for data services has increased dramatically over the last few years. Applications such as email, texting, web-browsing,
downloading and playing of videos, social networking and mobile gaming are driving the demand for more capable smartphones and
other mobile devices such as tablets. Typically, these devices have small screens which limit the utility and enjoyment of the content,
especially in small group settings. We believe that pico projectors can free mobile device users from the limitations of a palm-sized or
tablet-sized screen and provide a large screen viewing experience to increase the usefulness and enjoyment of watching movies and
videos, playing mobile games, and displaying and sharing images and many other applications. Vehicle Displays We believe an automotive head-up display (HUD) improves driver safety by eliminating the driver's need to look away from the road
to read information such as GPS mapping images, audio controls and other automobile instrumentation. Working independently and
with Tier 1 suppliers, we have produced prototypes that demonstrate the ability of PicoP display technology to project high-resolution
images onto the windshield of an automobile, providing the driver with a variety of information related to the car's operation. We believe
that an automotive HUD based on our PicoP display technology offers three distinct advantages over competing head-up displays: Size - Our prototype display is less than half the size of current competitive offerings. This smaller form factor can accommodate a
wider variety of vehicle configurations. Contrast Ratio - Our prototype has a contrast ratio an order of magnitude higher than current competitive offerings. The high
contrast ratio allows the driver to see the display clearly day or night, in any ambient lighting conditions. Installation Cost - Our prototype can be electronically customized to match the unique curvature of a particular automobile's
windshield, thereby reducing installation time and cost. The current competitive offerings must be manually adjusted to match the
curvature of a windshield. We are working independently and with various ODMs and Tier 1 automotive suppliers to market PicoP display technology to
automotive sector OEM customers. We expect that our PicoP display technology subsystem could be integrated by a Tier 1 supplier
into their HUD product package for sale to automobile manufacturers or by a product integrator into an aftermarket product for direct
sale to their customers for use in automobiles, specialty vehicles, trucks, buses and motor coaches. Go-To-Market Strategy We are currently marketing our PicoP display technology to leading OEMs and ODMs. We expect our vertically integrated
customers will integrate our PicoP display technology into their end products. We expect other customers will develop PicoP display
engines for sale to OEMs. We expect products using our technology will be branded and distributed by our OEM customers. Certain applications using PicoP display technology, such as an automotive HUD or pico projection for tablet PCs and mobile
phones require integration of an engine based on our technology into other products. In markets requiring high volume production of
the PicoP display engine components or subsystems that are to be integrated with other components, we plan to provide designs for
components, subsystems and systems to OEMs under licensing agreements. 4 We expect that some customers will require unique designs for their products. We expect that such relationships will generally
involve a period of co-development during which our customer's engineering, manufacturing and marketing teams would work with our
technical staff to customize the PicoP display technology for their targeted market and application. We may charge fees to our
customers to fund the costs of the engineering effort incurred on such development projects. The nature of these relationships may
vary from partner to partner depending on the proposed specifications for the PicoP display engine, the product to be developed, and
the customers' design, manufacturing and distribution capabilities. We believe this strategy allows us to limit our own direct
manufacturing investment for components, reducing our capital requirements and risks inherent in taking PicoP display technology to
market. To date, the majority of our revenue from pico projection products has been generated primarily through sales of PicoP display
engine components to Pioneer and sales of our SHOWWX line of accessory projectors through distributors and OEM customers, and to
a lesser extent directly to end users through our online store. In the future, we expect a larger percentage of our revenue to come from
royalties associated with licensing reference designs for components, subsystems, and systems under licensing agreements and sales
of MEMs and key electronics components. Human Factors, Ergonomics and Safety We conduct ongoing research on safety factors that must be addressed by products incorporating our technology, including such
issues as the maximum permissible laser exposure limits established by International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) and others.
Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye resulting from use of the light scanning displays under normal
operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible exposure level set by IEC. Our accessory pico projectors
products are currently Class 2 laser products, which are products safe for use by consumers. In addition, we work with and commission third party independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting safety
specifications as requested by our customers. Competitive Conditions The information display industry is highly competitive. Potential display products incorporating our technology will compete
with established manufacturers of mature display technologies such as miniaturized cathode ray tube and flat panel display devices, as
well as companies developing new display technologies. Our competitors include companies such as Texas Instruments Incorporated,
Micron Technology, ST Micro, and Syndiant, most of which have much greater financial, technical and other resources than we do.
Many of our competitors are developing alternative miniature display technologies. Our competitors may succeed in developing
information display technologies and products that could render our technology or our proposed products commercially infeasible or
technologically obsolete. Pico projectors are an emerging class of miniature projectors that are generally handheld, battery operated, mobile projectors.
Most of the competing projectors currently on the market use either liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) panel solutions or Texas
Instruments' DLP™ display technology, using primarily light emitting diode light sources. Each of these solutions can create
images from a small form factor of varying resolution, brightness, image quality, battery life, and ease of use. The information display industry has been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our technology and
potential products may not remain competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds to invest in new technologies,
products or processes. Although we believe our technology platform and proposed display products could deliver images of a
substantially better quality and resolution from a smaller form factor device than those of commercially available miniaturized liquid
crystal displays and cathode ray tube based display products, manufacturers of liquid crystal displays and cathode ray tubes may
develop further improvements of screen display technology that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated advantages of our proposed
products. 5 Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We generate intellectual property from our ongoing performance on development contracts, our internal research and development
activities and technology acquisitions. The inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to component miniaturization,
specific implementation of various system components and design elements to facilitate mass production. Protecting these key
enabling technologies and components is a fundamental aspect of our strategy to penetrate diverse markets with unique products. As
such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented technologies at the system, component and process
levels. We believe our extensive and highly-rated patent portfolio is the largest, broadest and earliest filed laser pico projection and display
portfolio and includes applications such as automotive head-up display, range finding, portable media devices, image capture and
laptop applications. MicroVision's total patent count exceeds 500 issued patents, pending patents and licensed patents
worldwide. Since our inception in 1993, we have acquired under license agreements exclusive rights to various technologies, including, among
others, rights related to the ability to superimpose images on the user's field of view and with a retinal display, and rights related to the
design and fabrication of micro miniature devices using semiconductor fabrication techniques. In some cases, the licensors have
retained limited, non-commercial rights with respect to the technology, including the right to use the technology for non-commercial
research and for instructional purposes. Our ability to compete effectively in the display and image capture market will depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our
licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of these technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees and, where
appropriate, contractors, consultants, advisors and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete agreements. There can
be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other
proprietary information. Among the marks we have registered are "PicoP," "MicroHud" and the "tri-curve" logo with the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have filed for registration of various other marks with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office. Additional Information We perform research and development to design and develop our technology platform and modifications to PicoP display
technology that will be required for specific applications. Research and development expense for the fiscal years ended December 31,
2012, 2011, and 2010 was $13.1 million, $15.3 million, and $21.6 million, respectively. In 2012, 81% of our revenue was generated
from product sales, and 2% and 17% of revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with the U.S government
and commercial customers, respectively. One commercial customer accounted for 61% of our revenue in 2012. In 2011, 77% of our
revenue was generated from product sales, and 6% and 17% of revenue was derived from performance on development contracts with
the U.S government and commercial customers, respectively. One commercial customer accounted for 11% of our revenue in 2011.
In 2010, 81% of our revenue was generated from product sales, 4% and 15% of revenue was derived from performance on
development contracts with the U.S. government and commercial customers, respectively. One commercial customer accounted for
26% of total revenue in 2010. Prior to 2010, most of our revenue was generated from development contracts to develop our technology
to meet customer specifications for both the U.S. government and commercial enterprises. Our contracts with the U.S. government can
be terminated for convenience by the U.S. government at any time. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. We had a backlog of $1.8 million at December 31, 2012 compared to a backlog of $2.1 million at December 31, 2011. The backlog
at December 31, 2012 is composed of $1.4 million in orders for key components under our "Image by PicoP" ingredient
brand business model and $100,000 in development contracts and orders for prototype units and evaluation kits, and $320,000 in
orders for accessory pico projectors. We plan to complete all of the backlog contracts within one year. 6 Employees As of March 7, 2013, we had approximately 67 employees. Further Information MicroVision was founded in 1993 as a Washington corporation and reincorporated in 2003 under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Our principal office is located at 6222 185th Avenue NE, Redmond WA 98052 and our telephone number is 425-936-6847. Our Internet address is www.microvision.com. We make available free of charge our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it
to, the SEC. Investors can access this material by visiting our website, clicking on "Investors" and then on "SEC
Filings." ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risk Factors Relating to the MicroVision Business We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. As of December 31, 2012, we had an accumulated deficit of $437.5 million. We incurred consolidated net losses of $331.5 million from inception through 2009, $47.5 million in 2010, $35.8 million in 2011,
and $22.7 million in 2012. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by
companies formed to develop and market new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research
and development of our technology platform and development of demonstration units. We are unable to accurately estimate future
revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development contracts or that we will be able to obtain substantial
customer orders for our products. In light of these factors, we expect to continue to incur substantial losses and negative cash flow at
least through 2013 and likely thereafter. We cannot be certain that we will achieve positive cash flow at any time in the future. We will require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan. If we do not
obtain additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations substantially. Raising additional capital may dilute the value of
current shareholders' shares. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time. We are introducing new
technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash
flows. If the level of sales anticipated by our financial plan is not achieved or our working capital requirements are higher than planned,
we will need to raise additional cash sooner or take actions to reduce operating expenses. We plan to obtain additional cash through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. 7 Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with original equipment manufacturers, introduce products incorporating PicoP display
technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of
revenues varies from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than
expected to fund our operations. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with systems
and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us, or if available, on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional
capital may involve issuing securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of
current shareholders' shares. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis we intend to consider limiting our operations
substantially to extend out funds as we pursue other financing opportunities and business relationships. This limitation of operations
could include delaying development projects and reductions in staff, operating costs, including research and development, and capital
expenditures. We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market our products. Our strategy for commercializing our technology and products incorporating PicoP display technology includes entering
into cooperative development, manufacturing, sales and marketing arrangements with corporate partners, original equipment
manufacturers and other third parties. We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at
all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable products. If we cannot establish these arrangements,
we would require additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales and
marketing expertise that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant
delays in introducing PicoP display technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating
the PicoP display engine would not be feasible. To the extent that we enter into cooperative development, sales and marketing or other
joint venture arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the performance of third parties. We cannot be certain that any such
arrangements will be successful. We cannot be certain that our technology platform or products incorporating PicoP display technology will achieve
market acceptance. If products incorporating PicoP display technology do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues
may not grow. Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of PicoP display technology. PicoP display technology may
not be accepted by manufacturers who use display technologies in their products, by systems integrators who
incorporate our products into their products or by end users of these products. To be accepted, PicoP display technology
must meet the expectations of our potential customers in the consumer, automotive, industrial, and other markets. If our
technology fails to achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to continue to develop our technology platform. Future products based on our PicoP display technology are dependent on advances in technology by other
companies. Our PicoP display technology will continue to rely on technologies, such as light sources, MEMS and optical
components that are developed and produced by other companies. The commercial success of certain future products
based on our technology will depend in part on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may,
from time to time, contract with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the
development of them for our or our customers' specific uses. There are no guarantees that such activities will result in
useful technologies or components for us. 8 We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our quarterly performance may vary substantially and this
variance, as well as general market conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to
litigation. Since 2010, most of our revenues have been generated from product sales to a limited number of customers and distribution
partners. In 2012, 61% of our revenue was generated from sales to Pioneer Corporation. Our quarterly operating results may vary
significantly based on: commercial acceptance of PicoP-based products; changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; announcements by other companies in our industry; changes in business or regulatory conditions; announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; the status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; economic and stock market conditions; or other factors unrelated to our company or industry. In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and the
trading price of our common stock may decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a
company's securities, shareholders often have instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we become involved
in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial
damages. We or our customers may fail to perform under open orders, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash
flows. Our backlog of open orders totaled $1.8 million as of December 31, 2012. We may be unable to meet the performance
requirements, including performance specifications or delivery dates, required by such purchase orders. Further, our customers
may be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations thereunder on a timely basis or at all if, among other reasons, our
products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance, our customers' products and technologies do not achieve market
acceptance or our customers otherwise fail to achieve their operating goals. To the extent we are unable to perform under such
purchase orders or to the extent customers are unable or unwilling to perform, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely
affected. It may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market or maintain our listing on the NASDAQ Global Market. Our common stock is listed for quotation on The NASDAQ Global Market. On February 26, 2013, we received a deficiency notice
from NASDAQ advising us that for 30 consecutive trading days preceding the date of the notice we were not in compliance with the
$50,000,000 minimum market value of listed securities required for continued listing on The NASDAQ Global Market pursuant to
NASDAQ's listing requirements. Market value of listed securities is calculated by multiplying our daily closing bid price by our total
outstanding shares of common stock. In accordance with NASDAQ's listing rules, we have 180 calendar days, or until August 26,
2013, to regain compliance with this requirement. During this initial 180-day compliance period, we can regain compliance if the market
value of its listed securities closes at $50,000,000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. We could also regain
compliance with NASDAQ's continued listing requirements by reporting stockholders' equity of $10 million or more. If we are unable to continue to meet NASDAQ'S listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be delisted
from The NASDAQ Global Market. If our common stock were delisted, we likely would seek to list the common stock on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange or on a regional stock exchange. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce
the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock were not listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market or an exchange, trading of our
common stock would be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin board established for unlisted securities or
directly through market makers in our common stock. If our common stock were to trade in the over-the-counter market, an investor
would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock. A delisting from The
NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on such other market or exchange would subject our securities to so-called penny
stock rules that impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers 9 who sell or make a market in such
securities. Consequently, removal from The NASDAQ Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could
affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the ability of purchasers of our
common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. In addition, when the market price of our common stock is less than
$5.00 per share, we become subject to penny stock rules even if our common stock is still listed on The NASDAQ Global Market. While
the penny stock rules should not affect the quotation of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market, these rules may further limit
the market liquidity of our common stock and the ability of investors to sell our common stock in the secondary market. The market
price of our stock has mostly traded below $5.00 per share during 2012 and 2011. On March 7, 2013, the closing price of our stock was $1.68. Our lack of financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market
share or value. Our current products and potential future products will compete with established manufacturers of existing products and companies
developing new technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we have.
Because of their greater resources, our competitors may develop products or technologies that are superior to our own. The
introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result in reduced revenues, lower margins or loss of market share,
any of which could reduce the value of our business. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer. The information display industry has been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product obsolescence and
continuously evolving industry standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our technology platform and to
cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with
competitors' product advances. We may not succeed in these efforts because of: delays in product development; lack of market acceptance for our products; or lack of funds to invest in product development and marketing. The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value. We could face lawsuits related to our use of PicoP display technology or other technologies. Defending these suits would be
costly and time consuming. An adverse outcome in any such matter could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and
products, reduce our revenues and increase our operating expenses. We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and image capture
products. These patents could be used as a basis to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or
broader patent rights of our patents or patents we have licensed. A successful challenge to the validity of our patents or patents we
have licensed could limit our ability to commercialize our technology and the PicoP display engine and, consequently, materially reduce
our revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that patent holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to
current and future technology. Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in secrecy, it is also possible that presently
pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and
prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse
outcome in the defense of a patent suit could subject us to significant costs, to require others and us to cease selling products that
incorporate PicoP display technology, to cease licensing our technology or to require disputed rights to be licensed from third parties.
Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our future
co-development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for damages or expenses they
incur. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective
planning and management process. The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and
will continue to place, a significant strain on our management systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial
and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and will need to continue to train and manage our work force. 10 Our products may be subject to future health and safety regulations that could increase our development and production costs. Products incorporating PicoP display technology could become subject to new health and safety regulations that
would reduce our ability to commercialize PicoP display technology. Compliance with any such new regulations would
likely increase our cost to develop and produce products using PicoP display technology and adversely affect our
financial results. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in
the markets we address. In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due
to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased energy costs, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate
profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic and
financial conditions could materially adversely affect (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and
future products and (iii) our ability to commercialize products. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic
slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, or in the display industry. Because we plan to continue using foreign contract manufacturers, our operating results could be harmed by economic,
political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. We currently use foreign manufacturers and plan to continue to use foreign manufacturers to manufacture future products, where
appropriate. These international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including: political and economic instability; high levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; foreign taxes; changes in tariff rates or other trade and monetary policies; and changes or volatility in currency exchange rates. Qualifying a new contract manufacturer or foundry for our products could cause us to experience delays that result in lost
revenues and damaged customer relationships. We rely on single suppliers to manufacture our PicoP display engine and our MEMS chips in wafer form. The lead time required to
establish a relationship with a new contract manufacturer or foundry is long, and it takes time to adapt a product's design to a particular
manufacturer's processes. Accordingly, there is no readily available alternative source of supply for these products and components in
high volumes. Changing our source of supply and manufacture could cause significant delays in shipping products which may result in
lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure significant third-party manufacturing resources. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive
prices. Accordingly, we will be required to obtain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing
capacity and processes for the commercial production of our expected future products. We cannot be certain that we will successfully
obtain access to sufficient manufacturing resources. Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers could result in a limitation on the
number of products incorporating our technology that we are able to produce. 11 If our licensors and we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products and technology, we may be
unable to compete with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual property
protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success will
depend in part on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain the proprietary nature of the PicoP display and other key
technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade secrets. We try to
protect our proprietary technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third-party patents,
related to proprietary technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However,
our patent position and the patent position of our licensors involve complex legal and factual questions. The standards that the United
States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly
and can change. Additionally, the scope of patents are subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges
and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the
extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which the patents that we already
own or license from others protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or
owned patents, or our inability to obtain new patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete with ours on the
basis of the same or similar technology. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position. We
try to protect this know- how and technology by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners
with a need to know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to it, such as our
employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or
confidential information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a
patent were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be materially harmed. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management
attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. We may be subject to product liability claims if any of our product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects.
For example, because some of our PicoP displays are designed to scan a low power beam of colored light into the user's eye, the
testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against
us. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time
and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder
acceptance of our products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in
the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or
otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our products. Our development agreements have long sales cycles, which make it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast our
revenues. Our development agreements have lengthy sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determination of a product
application, exploring the technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a product and manufacturing
or contracting out the manufacturing of the product. Our long sales cycle, which can last several years, makes it difficult to predict the
quarter in which contract signing and revenue recognition will occur. Delays in entering into development agreements could cause
significant variability in our revenues and operating results for any particular quarterly period. Our development contracts may not lead to products that will be profitable. Our development contracts, including without limitation those discussed in this document, are exploratory in nature and are
intended to develop new types of products for new applications. These efforts may prove unsuccessful and these relationships may not
result in the development of products that will be profitable. 12 If we lose our rights under our third-party technology licenses, our operations could be adversely affected. Our business depends in part on technology rights licensed from third parties. We could lose our exclusivity or other rights to use
the technology under our licenses if we fail to comply with the terms and performance requirements of the licenses. In addition, certain
licensors may terminate a license upon our breach and have the right to consent to sublicense arrangements. If we were to lose our
rights under any of these licenses, or if we were unable to obtain required consents to future sublicenses, we could lose a competitive
advantage in the market, and may even lose the ability to commercialize certain products completely. Either of these results could
substantially decrease our revenues. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new
personnel. Achievement of our business objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing,
research and product development and manufacturing. Competition for qualified personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to
attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our
business. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently lease approximately 67,000 square feet of combined use office, laboratory and manufacturing space at our
headquarters facility in Redmond, Washington. The 90 month lease expires in August 2013. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party
to any other legal proceedings that we believe are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and duly qualified. Mr.
Tokman also serves as a director of MicroVision. The following persons serve as executive officers of MicroVision: Alexander Tokman, age 51, has served as President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director of MicroVision since January 2006. Mr. Tokman served as MicroVision's President and Chief Operating Officer from July
2005 to January 2006. Mr. Tokman, a former GE executive, joined MicroVision after a 10-year tenure at GE Healthcare, a subsidiary
of General Electric, where he led several global businesses, most recently as General Manager of its Global Molecular Imaging and
Radiopharmacy multi-technology business unit from 2003 to 2005. Prior to that, between 1995 and 2003, Mr. Tokman served in
various cross-functional and cross-business leadership roles at GE where he led the definition and commercialization of several
medical modalities product segments including PET/CT, which added over $500 million of revenue growth to the company within the
first three years of its commercial introduction. Mr. Tokman is a certified Six Sigma and Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) Black Belt and
Master Black Belt and as one of GE's Six Sigma pioneers, he drove the quality culture change across GE Healthcare in the late 1990s.
From November 1989 to March 1995 Mr. Tokman served as new technologies programs lead and a head of I&RD office at Tracor
Applied Sciences a subsidiary of then Tracor, Inc. Mr. Tokman has both an M.S. and B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University
of Massachusetts, Dartmouth. 13 Michael Franzi, age 57, joined MicroVision in December 2012 as Vice President, Marketing and Business
Development. Prior to MicroVision, from August 2009 to December 2012, he served as the principal of MJF Group, a
consulting firm that assists companies in monetizing technology assets, including licensing of intellectual property and
the development of strategic and tactical sales and marketing plans. From September 2010 to July 2011, he was Vice
President and General Manager of Synopsis, Inc., a supplier of electronic design automation solutions, systems and
intellectual property to global semiconductor and electronic OEM companies. He served as Vice President Global
Marketing of ARC International from June 2008 until its acquisition by Synopsis in September 2010. From August 2005
to April 2008, Mr. Franzi served as Vice President Global Licensing and Business Development of SRS Labs, Inc. an
audio technology engineering company that specialized in licensing of audio enhancement technology solutions for
global electronic companies. Mr. Franzi received a B.S. degree in electrical engineering from the Swanson School of
Engineering, University of Pittsburgh.. Thomas M. Walker, age 48, has served as Executive Vice President since December 2012. Mr. Walker served as
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from May 2002 to December 2012. Prior to joining MicroVision, Mr.
Walker served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Advanced Radio Telecom Corp., a publicly
held technology and services company where he managed domestic and international legal affairs from April 1996 to
April 2002. Prior to that, Mr. Walker advised publicly and privately held businesses while practicing in the Los Angeles
offices of the law firms of Pillsbury Winthrop and Buchalter, Nemer Fields and Younger. Mr. Walker holds a B.A. from
Claremont McKenna College and a J.D. from the University of Oregon. Jeff T. Wilson, age 52, has served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2006, Principal Financial Officer since
January 2006 and Principal Accounting Officer of MicroVision since August 1999. Mr. Wilson served as Vice President,
Accounting of MicroVision from April 2002 to April 2006 and as Director of Accounting of MicroVision from August 1999
to March 2002. Prior to joining MicroVision, from 1991 to 1999, Mr. Wilson served in various accounting positions for
Siemens Medical Systems, Inc., a developer and manufacturer of medical imaging equipment. Prior to 1991, Mr. Wilson
served as a manager with the accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Wilson is a Certified Public
Accountant. Mr. Wilson holds a B.S. in Accounting from Oklahoma State University. On September 20, 2012, we
announced that we had come to an agreement with Mr. Wilson pursuant to which he had resigned from his position as
our Chief Financial Officer. Upon filing of our Form 10-K, the transition of his responsibilities will be completed. Dale Zimmerman, age 53, has served as Vice President of Research and Development since June 2012 and
Director of Systems Engineering of MicroVision from June 2011 to May 2012. Prior to MicroVision, from February 2006
to December 2008 he served as Vice President of Product Strategy of Silicon Image, a company specializing in high
speed serial interface solutions for HDTV, PC and storage products. From 1996 to 2008 he served as General Manager
of DLP TV for Texas Instruments where he played an important role in launching the first conference room projectors,
home theater projectors, and HDTVs. His teams received many awards including 3 Emmys and CES Innovation Best of
Show. He received B.S. and M.S. degrees in electrical and electronics engineering from Massachusetts Institute of
Technology (MIT) and a second M.S. in electrical engineering in 2011 from Stanford University. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock began trading publicly on August 27, 1996. Our common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Market
under the symbol "MVIS." We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate
that we will retain all future earnings to fund the operations of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on the common stock
in the foreseeable future. A 1:8 reverse stock split became effective on February 17, 2012. All of the per share prices shown in the table below have been
adjusted to reflect the effect of this reverse split. As of March 7, 2013, there were approximately 67 holders of record of 25,237,000 shares of common stock outstanding. 14 The high and low sales prices of our common stock for each full quarterly period in the last two fiscal years and the year to date as
reported by The NASDAQ Global Market, as adjusted for the reverse stock split, are as follows: Common Stock
Quarter Ended | HIGH | LOW
2011
March 31, 2011 | $ | 19.36 | $ | 9.68
June 30, 2011 | 13.76 | 8.16
September 30, 2011 | 11.04 | 5.28
December 31, 2011 | 6.80 | 2.72
2012
March 31, 2012 | $ | 5.36 | $ | 2.28
June 30, 2012 | 3.63 | 1.11
September 30, 2012 | 2.94 | 1.46
December 31, 2012 | 2.72 | 1.84
2013
January 1, 2013 to March 7, 2013 | $ | 2.28 | $ | 1.54 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA A summary of selected financial data as of and for the five years ended December 31, 2012 is set forth below. It should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. A 1:8 reverse stock
split of MicroVision's common stock became effective on February 17, 2012. All of the share and per share amounts discussed and
shown in the statements and tables below have been adjusted to reflect the effect of this reverse split. YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
2012 | 2011 | 2010 | 2009 | 2008
(in thousands, except per share data)
Statement of Operations Data:
Revenue | $ | 8,365 | $ | 5,617 | $ | 4,740 | $ | 3,833 | $ | 6,611
Net loss available for common shareholders | (22,693) | (35,808) | (47,460) | (39,529) | (32,620)
Basic and diluted net loss per share | (1.05) | (2.57) | (4.17) | (4.29) | (4.23)
Weighted average shares outstanding basic and diluted | 21,595 | 13,919 | 11,379 | 9,220 | 7,705
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 6,850 | $ | 13,075 | $ | 19,413 | $ | 43,025 | $ | 25,533
Investments available-for-sale | - | - | 13 | 2,710 | 2,705
Working capital | 1,831 | 5,913 | 15,618 | 38,221 | 24,347
Total assets | 12,938 | 23,870 | 35,233 | 53,536 | 36,964
Long-term liabilities | 20 | 326 | 1,394 | 1,471 | 1,776
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) | 5,054 | 10,802 | 21,833 | 41,891 | 27,651 15 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are developing our proprietary PicoP® display technology, which can be used by our customers to create high-resolution
miniature laser display and imaging engines. Our PicoP display technology utilizes our widely patented expertise in two dimensional
Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and electronics to create a high quality video or still image from a small
form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our strategy is to develop and supply PicoP display
technology directly or through licensing arrangements to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in market segments including
consumer electronics, automotive, and industrial for integration into their products. During 2012, we aligned our operations to our ingredient brand strategy, simplifying our operations and resulting in an expected
significant reduction to our future cash requirements. Our strategy is to focus our efforts on licensing our technology to partners who will
produce display engines based on PicoP display technology and incorporate the engine into their products. Our development efforts are
focused on supporting our customers in their manufacturing and integration and optimizing PicoP display technology for specific
applications. The primary objective for consumer applications is to provide users of mobile consumer devices such as smartphones, media
players, tablet PCs and other consumer electronics products with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small projector
either embedded in the device or via an attached accessory. These potential products would allow users to watch movies and videos,
play video games, and display images and other data onto a variety of surfaces, freeing users from the limitations of a small,
palm-sized screen. PicoP display technology could be further modified to be embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with
a see-through or occluded personal display to view movies, play games or access other content. PicoP display technology is currently sold by Pioneer Corporation as part of an aftermarket high-resolution head-up display (HUD)
that projects point-by-point navigation, critical operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator. With some
modification PicoP display technology could also be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone HUD. PicoP enabled devices can be used in field-based professions such as service repair or sales to view and share information such
as schematics for equipment repair, sales data, orders or contact information within a CRM application on a larger, more user-friendly
display. We also see potential for embedding PicoP display technology in industrial products where our displays could be used for 3D
measuring and digital signage, enhancing the overall user experience of these applications. We continue to enter into a limited
number of development agreements with commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototypes and
demonstration units based on our light scanning technologies. We develop and procure intellectual property rights relating to our technology as a key aspect of our business strategy. We
generate intellectual property from our internal research and development activities and our ongoing performance on development
contracts. We also have acquired exclusive rights to various technologies under licensing and acquisition agreements. We currently sell our SHOWWX line of pico projectors. In 2012, we reduced our sales and marketing for these
products and we do not expect to increase our investment in the SHOWWX product in the future. We also currently sell our ROV hand held bar code scanners, which use our proprietary MEMS technology, and bar code scanner
enabled enterprise solutions. We reduced our sales and marketing efforts on the bar code product in 2009 and we do not expect to
increase our investment in the bar code product in the future. We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a substantial loss during the fiscal year ending December
31, 2013. 16 Key Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. We
base our estimates on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the display and image capture
industries, information provided by our current and prospective customers and strategic partners, information available from other
outside sources, and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis
for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following key accounting policies require more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements: Revenue Recognition. Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions. We recognize product revenue upon
acceptance of the product by the customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after which there are no rights of return.
We have entered into agreements with resellers and distributors, as well as selling directly to the public. Sales made to resellers and
distributors are recognized using either the sell-through method or upon expiration of the contractually agreed-upon acceptance period,
depending on our ability to reasonably estimate returns. Some of the agreements with resellers and distributors contain price-
protection clauses, and revenue is recognized net of these amounts. Sales made directly to the public are recognized either upon
expiration of the contractual acceptance period after which there are no rights of return, or net of estimated returns and allowances.
Provisions are made for warranties at the time revenue is recorded. Our quarterly revenue may vary substantially due to the timing of
product orders from customers, production constraints and availability of components and raw materials. We recognize contract revenue as work progresses on long-term, cost plus fixed fee, and fixed price contracts using the
percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total expected contract revenue and costs. We have developed
processes that allow us to make reasonable estimates of the cost to complete a contract. When we begin work on the contract and at
the end of each accounting period, we estimate the labor, material and other costs required to complete the contract using information
provided by our technical team, project managers, vendors, outside consultants and others and compare these to costs incurred to
date. Since our contracts generally require some level of technology development to complete, the actual cost required to complete a
contract can vary from our estimates. Recognized revenues are subject to revisions as actual cost becomes certain. Revisions in
revenue estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. Historically, we have made
only immaterial revisions in the estimates to complete the contract at each reporting period. In the future, revisions in these estimates
could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period. If the U.S. government cancels a contract, we would receive
payment for work performed and costs committed to prior to the cancellation. We recognize contract revenue on the sale of prototype
units and evaluation kits upon acceptance of the deliverables by the customer or expiration of the contractual acceptance period, after
which there are no rights of return. We establish an allowance for estimated losses if the estimated cost to complete a contract exceeds the remaining contract value.
The entire estimated loss is recorded in the period in which the loss is first determined. We determine the estimated cost to complete a
contract through a detailed review of the work to be completed, the resources available to complete the work and the technical difficulty
of the remaining work. If the revised estimated cost to complete the contract is higher than the total contract revenue, the entire
contract loss is recognized. The actual cost to complete a contract can vary significantly from the estimated cost, due to a variety of
factors including availability of technical staff, availability of materials and technical difficulties that arise during a project. Most of our
development contracts are cost plus fixed fee type contracts. Under these types of contracts, we are not required to spend more than
the contract value to complete the contracted work. Cost of Revenue. Cost of revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on development
contracts and producing prototype units, evaluation kits, SHOWWX and ROV units. Direct costs include labor, materials and other
costs incurred directly in performing on a contract or producing prototype units, evaluation kits, and accessory pico projector products.
Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating our research and development department and building our
manufacturing and technical capabilities and capacity. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing
material, and facility and depreciation costs, is allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research
and development expense based on the proportion of direct material purchased for the respective activity. 17 Allowance for uncollectible receivables. We maintain allowances for uncollectible receivables, including accounts
receivable, cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts and receivables from related parties. We review
several factors in determining the allowances including the customer's and related party's past payment history and financial condition.
If the financial condition of our customers or the related parties with whom we have receivables were to deteriorate, resulting in an
impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances could be required. Intangible Assets. Our intangible assets consist entirely of purchased patents. The patents are amortized using the
straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from one to 17 years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets
periodically by taking into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset
may be impaired. We compare the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related intangible assets or group of
assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Measurement of an impairment loss for our intangible
assets is based on the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. Inventory. We value inventory at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a net-realizable value basis. We make
significant judgments and estimates to value our inventory and make adjustments to its carrying value. We review several factors in
determining the market value of our inventory including evaluating the replacement cost of the raw materials, the net realizable value of
the finished goods, and the likelihood of obsolescence. If we do not achieve our targeted sales prices, if market conditions for our
components or products were to decline or if we do not achieve our sales forecast, additional reductions in the carrying value of the
inventory would be required. Employee Share-Based Compensation. We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of options exercisable
into our common stock and restricted or unrestricted shares of our common stock. We account for equity instruments issued to
employees using the straight-line attribution method of allocating the fair value of share-based compensation expense over the requisite
service period of the related award. The value of restricted or unrestricted shares is determined using the fair value method, which is
based on the number of shares granted and the closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on the date of grant.
The value of options is determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with estimates of option lives, stock price volatilities
and interest rates, then expensed over the periods of service allowing for pre-vest forfeitures. This widely accepted method results in
reasonable option values and interperiod expense allocation, and comparability across companies. Changes in the estimated inputs or
using other option valuation methods could result in materially different option values and share-based compensation expense. The key accounting policies described above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many
cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no
need for us to apply judgment or make estimates. There are also areas in which our judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result to our consolidated financial statements. Additional information about our accounting
policies, and other disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles, are set forth in the notes to our consolidated
financial statements. Inflation has not had a material impact on our revenues, or income from continuing operations over the three most recent fiscal
years. Results of Operations YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2012 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 Product Revenue. % of | % of
product | product
2012 | revenue | 2011 | revenue | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Product revenue | $ | 6,782 | 100.0 | $ | 4,338 | 100.0 | $ | 2,444 | 56.3 Product revenue primarily includes sales of components under our "Image by PicoP" ingredient brand business model and sales of
our SHOWWX™ line of accessory pico projectors. 18 Our quarterly and annual revenue may vary substantially due to the timing of product orders from customers, production constraints and
availability of components and raw materials. In 2012, we reduced our sales and marketing effort on our sales of our SHOWWX™
line of accessory pico projectors and we do not expect to increase our investment in this product line in the future. Product revenue was higher during year ended December 31, 2012 than the same period in 2011, due to sales of components
primarily to Pioneer Corporation for use in their Cyber Navi automotive heads up display system ("HUD") under our "Image by PicoP" ingredient
brand business model and increased sales of our PicoP display engines compared to the prior periods. The backlog of product orders
at December 31, 2012 was approximately $1.7 million, compared to $1.4 million at December 31, 2011. The product backlog is
scheduled for delivery within one year. Pioneer has reported a group net loss for the period April to December 2012. The
group net loss has been attributed in part due to lower financial performance for its car navigation system business. As a result of this
performance, we have reduced our expectations for significant 2013 follow-on orders for their after-market HUD product. Contract Revenue. % of | % of
contract | contract
2012 | revenue | 2011 | revenue | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Government revenue | $ | 156 | 9.9 | $ | 345 | 27.0 | $ | (189) | (54.8)
Commercial revenue | 1,427 | 90.1 | 934 | 73.0 | 493 | 52.8
Total contract revenue | $ | 1,583 | $ | 1,279 | $ | 304 | 23.8 We earn contract revenue from performance on development contracts with the U.S. government and commercial customers and
from the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits based on our PicoP display engine and sales of test equipment built specifically for
use in PicoP display engine production. Our contract revenue from development contracts in a particular period is dependent upon
when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical resources to perform
work on the contracts. Our contract revenue from sales of prototype units and evaluation kits may vary substantially due to the timing of
orders from customers and potential constraints on resources. Contract revenue was higher during the year ended December 31, 2012 than the same period in 2011 due to increased sales of
test fixtures, prototype units and evaluation kits in 2012 compared to the prior year. Our backlog of development contracts, including orders for prototype units and evaluation kits, at December 31, 2012 was
$100,000 compared to $622,000 at December 31, 2011, all of which is scheduled for completion during the next twelve months. Cost of Product Revenue. % of | % of
product | product
2012 | revenue | 2011 | revenue | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Cost of product revenue | $ | 6,085 | 89.7 | $ | 11,640 | 268.3 | $ | (5,555) | (47.7) Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect cost of manufacturing products sold to customers. Direct
costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor and
other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. In the event that we maintain production capacity in
excess of production requirements, cost of product revenue may also include manufacturing overhead associated with the excess
capacity. 19 Cost of product revenue for 2012 and 2011 included inventory write downs of $1.1 million and $1.6 million, respectively. The write
downs were primarily for lower of cost or market adjustments to our inventory value to reflect the then current estimated selling price for
our inventory, as well as a reserve adjustment for materials which we expect would become obsolete as we introduced new products.
The decrease in cost of product revenue for 2012, compared to 2011, was primarily attributed to a change in product mix from lower
margin SHOWWX products to sales of components to support Pioneer's Cyber Navi production and decreased inventory write downs
compared to the prior year. During 2012 and 2011, we sold inventory which had been previously written down to the lower of cost or
market. Accordingly, cost of product revenue for 2012 and 2011 did not include approximately $1.2 million and $1.7 million of previously
recognized write downs associated with this inventory. During 2012, we recorded a credit of approximately $498,000 to cost of product
revenue as a result of warranty expense lower than previous estimates. During 2011, we recognized approximately $850,000 of warranty expense primarily
associated with our PicoP display engine. During 2012 and 2011, we expensed approximately $523,000 and $1.3 million, respectively, of manufacturing overhead associated
with production capacity in excess of production requirements. The cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the
product mix, the level of overhead expense and the volume of direct materials purchased. Cost of Contract Revenue. % of | % of
contract | contract
2012 | revenue | 2011 | revenue | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Cost of contract revenue | $ | 839 | 53.0 | $ | 1,425 | 111.4 | $ | (586) | (41.1) The cost of contract revenue was lower in 2012 than in 2011 as a result of the lower activity on development contracts. Gross
margin on contract revenue was significantly higher in 2012 compared to 2011. In 2011, we recorded losses on two development
contracts. The losses were primarily as a result of our decision to share costs with one customer for development of advanced
in-vehicle HUD prototypes in anticipation of follow-on revenue opportunities and excess material costs associated with minimum order
quantities for materials required to complete one of our development contracts. The combined impact of the losses on contracts and
lower gross margin was approximately $710,000 in 2011. The cost of contract revenue as a percentage of revenue was lower in 2012 than in 2011 primarily as a result of not having
recognized contract losses in 2012 as we did in 2011. The cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue can fluctuate significantly from
period to period, depending on the contract cost mix and the levels of direct and indirect costs incurred. Research and Development Expense. 2012 | 2011 | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Research and development | $ | 13,135 | $ | 15,279 | $ | (2,144) | (14.0) Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal
research and product development activities, direct material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced
development and processing work, and other operating expenses. We allocate our research and development resources based on the
business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made
to customers. The decrease in research and development expense during 2012, compared to the same period in 2011, is primarily attributable to
decreased payroll costs associated with reductions in staffing levels compared to the prior year and lower non-cash compensation
expense resulting from the forfeiture of stock option grants. 20 We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to develop additional
commercial products using the PicoP technology. Accordingly, we anticipate our level of research and development spending will
continue to be substantial. Sales, Marketing, General and Administrative Expense. 2012 | 2011 | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Sales, marketing, general and administrative | $ | 11,252 | $ | 13,314 | $ | (2,062) | (15.5) Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing, sales, management
and administrative staff, and for other general and administrative costs, including legal and accounting services, consultants and other
operating expenses. We believe that under the ingredient brand business model we will have lower sales, marketing, general and
administrative spending in the future than had we not implemented the strategy. The decrease in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense during 2012, compared to the same period in 2011,
is primarily due to decreased payroll costs associated with reductions in staffing levels compared to the prior year and lower non-cash
compensation expense resulting from the forfeiture of stock option grants. Other Income and Expense. 2012 | 2011 | $ change | % change
(in thousands)
Other income and expense | $ | 174 | $ | 222 | $ | (48) | (21.6) The decrease in other income and expense in 2012 from 2011 results primarily from lower average cash, investment securities
balances, and interest rates. Income Taxes. No provision for income taxes has been recorded because we have experienced net losses from inception through December
31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, we had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $305.9 million for federal income tax
reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of $6.0 million. The net operating loss carry-forwards
and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2017 to 2032
if not previously utilized. The research and development tax credits and the remaining net operating losses are scheduled to expire
between 2017 and 2032. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by
certain combinations of our shareholders during any three-year period would result in a limitation on our ability to utilize a portion of our
net operating loss carry-forwards. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. We did not have any
unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2012 or at December 31, 2011. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common
stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract
revenues and product sales. At December 31, 2012, we had $6.8 million in cash and cash equivalents. 21 Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time. We are introducing new
products into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash
flows. If the level of sales anticipated by our financial plan is not achieved or our working capital requirements are higher than planned,
we will need to raise additional cash sooner or take actions to reduce operating expenses. We plan to obtain additional cash through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional cash will be available or that, if available, it will be
available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not available on a timely basis we may be required to limit
our operations substantially. This limitation of operations could include reducing our planned investment in development projects
resulting in reductions in staff, operating costs, capital expenditures and investment in research and development. We have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2012 that includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. These financial statements are prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern. Cash used in operating activities totaled $20.6 million during 2012, compared to $27.9 million during 2011. During 2012, the
decrease in net cash used in operating activities was primarily driven by lower personnel costs and increased margins on product sales,
as well as savings resulting from steps taken to lower our 2012 cash use as described above. Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities totaled $92,000 in 2012 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $170,000 in 2011. In
2011, cash provided by investing activities primarily resulted from reductions in restricted cash used as collateral for our lease and other
obligations. Financing Activities Cash provided by financing activities totaled $14.5 million in 2012, compared to $21.4 million in 2011. The following is a list of our
financing activities during 2012 and 2011. All share amounts have been adjusted for the 1:8 reverse stock split discussed in this
annual report. In June 2012, we raised $10.5 million before issuance costs of approximately $823,000 through an underwritten public offering of
4.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 2.1 million shares of our common stock. The warrants have an
exercise price of $2.65 per share, a five year term, and are exercisable beginning one year from the date of issuance. In May 2012, we raised approximately $5.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $71,000 from the sale of 3.3 million
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.0 million shares of our common stock to private investors. The warrants have an
exercise price of $2.12 per share, a three year term, and are exercisable beginning on the date of issuance. In November 2011, we raised approximately $10.5 million, before issuance costs of approximately $925,000, through an
underwritten public offering of 2.2 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.3 million shares of our common
stock. During 2011, we also raised an aggregate of $12.1 million, before issuance costs of approximately $635,000, from the sale of 1.7
million shares of our common stock under our committed equity financing facilities with Azimuth. We terminated one of these facilities
in July 2011 and the other two in November 2011. Our cash requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with OEMs, introduce products incorporating our technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such
products. 22 Future operating expenditures and capital requirements will depend on numerous factors, including the following: the progress of research and development programs, the progress in commercialization activities and arrangements, the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights, competing technological and market developments, and our ability to establish cooperative development, joint venture and licensing arrangements. In order to maintain our exclusive rights under our license agreement with the University of Washington, we are obligated to make
royalty payments to the University of Washington with respect to the Virtual Retinal Display technology. If we are successful in
establishing original equipment manufacturer co-development and joint venture arrangements, we expect our partners to fund certain
non-recurring engineering costs for technology development and/or for product development. Nevertheless, we expect our cash
requirements to remain high as we expand our activities and operations with the objective of commercializing our light scanning
technology. New accounting pronouncements See Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies," in the Notes to the consolidated financial statements found in
part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of the end of 2012, all of our total cash and cash equivalents have variable interest rates. Therefore, we believe our
exposure to market and interest rate risks is not material. Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should select investments to achieve the following goals:
principal preservation, adequate liquidity and return. As of December 31, 2012, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-
term highly rated money market savings accounts. The values of cash equivalents and investment securities, available-for-sale by maturity date as of December 31, 2012, are as
follows: Amount | Percent
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 6,850,000 | 100.0 | %
Less than one year | - | -
$ | 6,850,000 | 100.0 | % Foreign Exchange Rate Risk All of our development contract payments are made in U.S. dollars. However, in the future we may enter into development
contracts in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We have purchase orders and supply agreements in
foreign currencies and may enter into such agreements from time to time in the future. We believe our exposure to currency
fluctuations related to these arrangements is not material. We intend to enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure
to currency fluctuations when we can adequately determine the timing and amounts of the exposure. 23 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms | 25
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 | 27
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 | 28
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 | 29
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 | 30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 | 31
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 32 24 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders MicroVision, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of MicroVision, Inc. (the "Company") as of
December 31, 2012, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders' equity, and cash flows
for the year then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of MicroVision, Inc. as of December 31, 2012, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the
year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations
and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Moss Adams LLP Seattle, Washington March 13, 2013 25 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of MicroVision, Inc.: In our opinion, the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2011 and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive loss, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2011 presents fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of MicroVision, Inc. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2011, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2011, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit of these statements in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital
deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regards to these
matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Seattle, Washington March 8, 2012 26 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share information) December 31,
2012 | 2011
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 6,850 | $ | 13,075
Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $332 and $243 | 1,115 | 463
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts | 12 | 70
Inventory | 497 | 4,254
Other current assets | 1,221 | 793
Total current assets | 9,695 | 18,655
Property and equipment, net | 1,205 | 2,347
Restricted cash | 436 | 786
Intangible assets | 1,580 | 2,048
Other assets | 22 | 34
Total assets | $ | 12,938 | $ | 23,870
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 3,035 | $ | 7,341
Accrued liabilities | 4,007 | 5,113
Deferred revenue | 609 | -
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts | 98 | 156
Current portion of capital lease obligations | 48 | 39
Current portion of long-term debt | 67 | 93
Total current liabilities | 7,864 | 12,742
Capital lease obligations, net of current portion | 20 | 72
Long-term debt, net of current portion | - | 67
Deferred rent, net of current portion | - | 187
Total liabilities | 7,884 | 13,068
Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)
Shareholders' Equity
Preferred stock, par value $.001; 25,000 shares authorized; 0 and
0 shares issued and outstanding | - | -
Common stock, par value $.001; 100,000 shares authorized; 25,237 and
17,019 shares issued and outstanding at December 2012
and 2011, respectively | 25 | 17
Additonal paid-in capital | 442,560 | 425,658
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | - | (35)
Accumulated deficit | (437,531) | (414,838)
Total shareholders' equity | 5,054 | 10,802
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity | $ | 12,938 | $ | 23,870 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 27 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except per share information) Years Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Product revenue | $ | 6,782 | $ | 4,338
Contract revenue | 1,583 | 1,279
Total revenue | 8,365 | 5,617
Cost of product revenue | 6,085 | 11,640
Cost of contract revenue | 839 | 1,425
Total cost of revenue | 6,924 | 13,065
Gross margin | 1,441 | (7,448)
Research and development expense | 13,135 | 15,279
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 11,252 | 13,314
Gain on disposal of fixed assets | (79) | (11)
Total operating expenses | 24,308 | 28,582
Loss from operations | (22,867) | (36,030)
Other income, net | 174 | 222
Net loss | $ | (22,693) | $ | (35,808)
Net loss per share basic and diluted | $ | (1.05) | $ | (2.57)
Weighted-average shares outstanding basic and diluted | 21,595 | 13,919 The accompanying notes are an integral part of consolidated financial statements. 28 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Net loss | $ | (22,693) | $ | (35,808)
Other comprehensive gain (loss)
Unrealized gain (loss) on investment securities, available-for-sale:
Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during period | 3 | (5)
Less: reclassification adjustment for losses realized in net income | 32 | -
Comprehensive loss | $ | (22,658) | $ | (35,813) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 29 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity (in thousands) Shareholders' Equity (Deficit)
Accumulated
Common Stock | Additional | other | Total
Par | paid-in | comprehensive | Accumulated | Shareholders'
Shares | value | capital | loss | deficit | equity
Balance at December 31, 2010 | 12,809 | $ | 13 | $ | 400,880 | $ | (30) | $ | (379,030) | $ | 21,833
Share-based compensation expense | 218 | - | 3,356 | - | - | 3,356
Exercise of warrants and options | 5 | - | 70 | - | - | 70
Sales of common stock and warrants | 3,987 | 4 | 21,352 | - | - | 21,356
Other comprehensive loss | - | - | - | (5) | - | (5)
Net loss | - | - | - | - | (35,808) | (35,808)
Balance at December 31, 2011 | 17,019 | 17 | 425,658 | (35) | (414,838) | 10,802
Share-based compensation expense | 648 | - | 2,286 | - | - | 2,286
Exercise of warrants and options | 16 | - | 23 | - | - | 23
Sales of common stock and warrants | 7,554 | 8 | 14,593 | - | - | 14,601
Other comprehensive gain | - | - | - | 35 | - | 35
Net loss | - | - | - | - | (22,693) | (22,693)
Balance at December 31, 2012 | 25,237 | $ | 25 | $ | 442,560 | $ | - | $ | (437,531) | $ | 5,054 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 30 MicroVision, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) Years Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss | $ | (22,693) | $ | (35,808)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:
Depreciation | 1,445 | 2,406
Amortization of intangible assets | 184 | 185
Impairment of intangible assets | 284 | -
Gain on disposal of property and equipment | (79) | (11)
Realized loss on sale of short-term investments | 32 | -
Non-cash stock-based compensation | 2,269 | 3,356
Inventory write-downs | 1,094 | 1,563
Non-cash deferred rent | (118) | (340)
Change in:
Accounts receivable | (652) | 653
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts | 58 | 67
Inventory | 2,663 | 258
Other current assets | (419) | (221)
Other assets | 12 | (16)
Accounts payable | (4,077) | (532)
Accrued liabilities | (1,175) | 808
Deferred revenue | 609 | -
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted contracts | (58) | 75
Other long-term liabilities | - | (330)
Net cash used in operating activities | (20,621) | (27,887)
Cash flows from investing activities
Sales of investment securities | 11 | -
(Increase)/Decrease in restricted investment | 350 | 709
Proceeds on sale of property and equipment | 80 | 11
Purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets | (533) | (550)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | (92) | 170
Cash flows from financing activities
Principal payments under capital leases and long-term debt | (136) | (127)
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock and warrants | 14,624 | 21,506
Net cash provided by financing activities | 14,488 | 21,379
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents | (6,225) | (6,338)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period | 13,075 | 19,413
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period | $ | 6,850 | $ | 13,075
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest | $ | 30 | $ | 46
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities
Other non-cash additions to property and equipment | $ | - | $ | 229 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 31 MicroVision, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 1. The Company and liquidity MicroVision, Inc. (the "Company") is developing its proprietary PicoP® display technology, which can be used
by our customers to create high-resolution miniature laser display and imaging engines. Our PicoP display technology utilizes our
widely patented expertise in two dimensional Micro-Electrical Mechanical Systems (MEMS), lasers, optics and electronics to create a
high quality video or still image from a small form factor device with lower power needs than conventional display technologies. Our
strategy is to develop and supply PicoP display technology directly or through licensing arrangements to original equipment
manufacturers (OEMs) in market segments including consumer electronics, automotive, and industrial for integration into their products. During 2012, we aligned our operations to our ingredient brand strategy, simplifying our operations and resulting in an expected
significant reduction to our future cash requirements. Our strategy is to focus our efforts on licensing our technology to partners who will
produce display engines based on PicoP display technology and incorporate the engine into their products. Our development efforts are
focused on supporting our customers in their manufacturing and integration and optimizing PicoP display technology for specific
applications. The primary objective for consumer applications is to provide users of mobile consumer devices such as smartphones, media
players, tablet PCs and other consumer electronics products with a large screen viewing experience produced by a small projector
either embedded in the device or via an attached accessory. These potential products would allow users to watch movies and videos,
play video games, and display images and other data onto a variety of surfaces, freeing users from the limitations of a small,
palm-sized screen. PicoP display technology could be further modified to be embedded into a pair of glasses to provide the mobile user with
a see-through or occluded personal display to view movies, play games or access other content. PicoP display technology is currently sold by Pioneer Corporation as part of an aftermarket high-resolution head-up display (HUD)
that projects point-by-point navigation, critical operational, safety and other information important to the vehicle operator. With some
modification PicoP display technology could also be embedded into a vehicle or integrated into a portable standalone HUD. PicoP enabled devices can be used in field-based professions such as service repair or sales to view and share information such
as schematics for equipment repair, sales data, orders or contact information within a CRM application on a larger, more user-friendly
display. We also see potential for embedding PicoP display technology in industrial products where our displays could be used for 3D
measuring and digital signage, enhancing the overall user experience of these applications. We continue to enter into a limited
number of development agreements with commercial and U.S. government customers to develop advanced prototypes and
demonstration units based on our light scanning technologies. We develop and procure intellectual property rights relating to our technology as a key aspect of our business strategy. We
generate intellectual property from our internal research and development activities and our ongoing performance on development
contracts. We also have acquired exclusive rights to various technologies under licensing and acquisition agreements. Based on our current operating plan, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations
through the second quarter of 2013. We will require additional cash to fund our operating plan past that time. We are introducing new
technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash
flows. If the level of sales anticipated by our financial plan is not achieved or our working capital requirements are higher than planned,
we will need to raise additional cash sooner or take actions to reduce operating expenses. 32 We plan to obtain additional cash through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be no assurance that additional cash
will be available or that, if available, it will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely basis. If adequate funds are not available
on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting our operations substantially to extend our funds as we pursue other financing
opportunities and business relationships. This limitation of operations could include reducing our planned investment in working capital
to fund revenue growth and delaying development projects and reductions in staff, operating costs, including research and
development, and capital expenditures. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which we can, directly or through
arrangements with OEMs, introduce products incorporating the PicoP display engine and image capture technologies and the market
acceptance and competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than anticipated, if the mix of revenues vary from
anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to further the
development of our technologies, for expenses associated with product development, and to respond to competitive pressures or to
meet unanticipated development difficulties. In addition, our operating plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with
systems and equipment manufacturers that may require additional investments by us. We have received a report from our independent registered public accounting firm regarding the consolidated financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2012 that includes an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements are prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going
concern. A 1:8 reverse stock split of MicroVision's common stock became effective on February 17, 2012. All of the share and per share
amounts discussed and shown in the consolidated financial statements and notes have been adjusted to reflect the effect of this
reverse split. 2. Summary of significant accounting policies Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States
requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following areas where significant estimates and
assumptions have been made in preparing the financial statements: revenue recognition, valuation of share-based compensation,
allowance for uncollectible receivables and inventory valuation. Principles of consolidation Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of MicroVision, Inc. and MicroVision Innovations Singapore Pte.
Ltd. ("MicroVision Singapore"), a wholly owned foreign subsidiary. MicroVision Singapore was incorporated in April 2011
and is engaged in advanced research and development activities and operation support functions for MicroVision, Inc. There were no
material intercompany accounts and transactions during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. Cash and cash equivalents and fair value of financial instruments Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts
payable, accrued liabilities and long-term debt. Excluding the long term debt, the carrying value of our financial instruments
approximates fair value due to their short maturities. The carrying amount of long-term debt at December 31, 2012 and 2011 was not
materially different from the fair value based on rates available for similar types of arrangements. Our cash equivalents are comprised of money market savings accounts and equity securities. We classify investment securities
available-for-sale purchased with 90 days or less remaining until contractual maturities as cash equivalents. 33 Intangible assets Our intangible assets consist entirely of purchased patents. The patents are amortized using the straight-line method over
their estimated period of benefit, ranging from one to 17 years. We evaluate the recoverability of intangible assets periodically by taking
into account events or circumstances that may warrant revised estimates of useful lives or that indicate the asset may be impaired. We
compare the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related intangible assets or group of assets over their
remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Measurement of an impairment loss for our intangible assets is based on the
difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. Inventory Inventory consists of key components under our "Image by PicoP" ingredient brand raw material and finished goods for our
pico projectors and ROV products. Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market with cost determined on a net realizable value
basis. We periodically assess the need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjust the carrying value of inventory to its net
realizable value when required. In addition, we reduce the value of our inventory to its estimated scrap value when we determine that it
is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through normal production during the next twelve months. Property and equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets (two to five years) using
the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of estimated useful lives or the lease term. Costs
for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred and expenditures for major improvements are capitalized at cost.
Gains or losses on the disposition of assets are reflected in the income statements at the time of disposal. Restricted investments As of December 31, 2012, restricted investments were in money market savings accounts and serve as collateral for $436,000
in irrevocable letters of credit. The restricted investments balance includes two letters of credit which are outstanding in connection with
a lease agreement for our corporate headquarters building in Redmond, WA. The required balance decreases over the term of the
lease, which expires in 2013. In January 2012, a $350,000 letter of credit which was outstanding under the terms of a supplier
agreement expired. Revenue recognition Product revenue is recognized when there is sufficient evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or
determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We have entered into agreements with resellers and distributors, as well as selling
directly to the public. Sales made to resellers and distributors are recognized using either the sell-through method or upon expiration of
the contractually agreed-upon acceptance period, depending on the volume of the sale. Some of the agreements with resellers and
distributors contain price-protection clauses, and revenue is recognized net of these amounts. Sales made directly to the public are
recognized either upon expiration of the contractual acceptance period after which there are no rights of return, or net of estimated
returns and allowances. Provisions are made for warranties at the time revenue is recorded. Contract revenue has primarily been generated from contracts to develop the light scanning technology and to produce
demonstration units for commercial enterprises and the U.S. government. We recognize contract revenue as work progresses on
long-term cost plus fixed fee and fixed price contracts using the percentage-of-completion method, which relies on estimates of total
expected contract revenue and costs. Our revenue contracts generally include a statement of the work we are to complete and the total
fee we will earn from the contract. When we begin work on the contract and at the end of each accounting period, we estimate the
labor, material, and other cost required to complete the statement of work compared to cost incurred to date. We use information
provided by our technical team, project managers, vendors, outside consultants and others to develop our cost estimates. Since our
contracts generally require some level of technology development to complete, the actual cost required to complete a statement of work
can vary from our estimates. We have developed processes that allow us to reasonably estimate the cost to complete a contract.
Historically, we have made only immaterial revisions in the estimates to complete the contract at each reporting period. Recognized
revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion and actual revenue and cost become certain. Revisions in
revenue estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. In the future, revisions in
these estimates could significantly impact recognized revenue in any one reporting period. The U.S. government can terminate a
contract with us at any time for convenience. If the U.S. government cancels a contract, we would receive payment for work performed
and costs committed to prior to the cancellation. 34 We recognize losses, if any, as soon as identified. Losses occur when the estimated direct and indirect costs to complete the
contract exceed unrecognized revenue. We evaluate the reserve for contract losses on a contract-by-contract basis. We recognize contract revenue for prototype units and evaluation kits for development work upon acceptance or the expiration of
the acceptance period, when there is sufficient evidence of an arrangement, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collection is
reasonably assured. Cost of revenue Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect costs of manufacturing products sold to customers. Direct
costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor and
other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on development contracts and
producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in performing on a
contract or producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating our
research and development department and building our technical capabilities and capacity. Cost of contract revenue is determined by
the level of direct and indirect costs incurred, which can fluctuate substantially from period to period. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, and facility and depreciation costs, is
allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost of contract revenue, and research and development expense based on the level of
effort supporting production or research and development activity. Concentration of credit risk and sales to major customers Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents
and accounts receivable. We typically do not require collateral from our customers.
As of December 31, 2012, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-term highly rated money market savings
accounts. Concentration of Sales to Major Customers During 2012, one commercial customer accounted for 61% of our total revenue and 96% of our accounts receivable balance at
December 31, 2012. During 2011, two commercial customers accounted for 20% of our total revenue and three commercial customers
accounted for 53% of our accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2011. Income taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of the assets and
liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in
which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is recorded for the amount of income tax payable for the period
increased or decreased by the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. Net loss per share Basic net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the periods.
Net loss per share assuming dilution is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the dilutive
effect of all potentially dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and convertible securities. Net loss per share assuming
dilution is equal to basic net loss per share because the effect of dilutive securities outstanding during the periods including options and
warrants computed using the treasury stock method, is anti-dilutive. 35 As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, we excluded the following convertible securities from diluted net loss per share as the effect of
including them would have been anti-dilutive. The shares shown represent the number of shares of common stock which would be
issued upon conversion in the respective years. December 31,
2012 | 2011
Publicly traded warrants | 753,000 | 753,000
Options and private warrants | 5,696,000 | 2,498,000
Nonvested equity shares | 207,000 | 132,000
6,656,000 | 3,383,000 Research and development Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Long-lived assets We evaluate the recoverability of our long-lived assets when an impairment is indicated based on expected undiscounted cash
flows. We recognize impairment of the carrying value of long-lived assets, if any, based on the fair value of such assets. Share-based compensation Our share-based incentive compensation plans are described in Note 11. We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over the requisite service
period for each award. The following table shows the amount of share-based employee compensation expense included in the
statements of operations for each period shown: Year Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Cost of contract revenue | $ | 34,000 | $ | 143,000
Cost of product revenue | 54,000 | 136,000
Research and development expense | 825,000 | 1,329,000
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 1,301,000 | 1,648,000
$ | 2,214,000 | $ | 3,256,000 Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial statements to conform to classifications used in the current
year. These reclassifications had no impact on net loss, shareholders' equity or cash flows as previously reported. New accounting pronouncements In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance that requires disclosure of amounts
reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
income in its entirety, by component, on the face of the statement of operations or in the notes thereto.
Amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income must be cross-referenced to other disclosures that
provide additional detail. This standard is effective prospectively for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2012. We do not expect the implementation of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial statements. 36 In July 2012, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued guidance that will allow an entity to first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets. Under this
guidance, an entity would not be required to calculate the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset unless the entity determines,
based on qualitative assessment, that it is not more likely than not, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This guidance is
effective for impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012, with early adoption permitted. We do not
expect the implementation of this guidance will have a material impact on our financial statements. 3. Long-term contracts Cost and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts comprises amounts of revenue recognized on
contracts that we have not yet billed to customers because the amounts were not contractually billable at December 31, 2012 and
2011. The following table summarizes when we will be contractually able to bill the balance as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 (in
thousands). Year Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Billable within 30 days | $ | 5 | $ | 63
Billable between 31 and 90 days | - | -
Billable after 90 days | 7 | 7
$ | 12 | $ | 70 Our current contracts with the U.S. government are primarily cost-plus-fixed-fee type contracts. Under the terms of a
cost-plus-fixed-fee contract, the U.S. government reimburses us for negotiated actual direct and indirect cost incurred in performing the
contracted services. We are not obligated to spend more than the contract value to complete the contracted services. The period of
performance is generally one year. Each of our contracts with the U.S. government can be terminated for convenience by the
government at any time. To date, the U.S. government has not terminated a contract with us. The following table summarizes the costs incurred on our revenue contracts (in thousands): December 31,
2012 | 2011
Costs and estimated earnings incurred on uncompleted contracts | $ | 1,977 | $ | 1,822
Billings on uncompleted contracts | (2,063) | (1,908)
$ | (86) | $ | (86)
Included in accompanying consolidated balance sheets under the following captions:
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted
contracts | $ | 12 | $ | 70
Billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on uncompleted
contracts | (98) | (156)
$ | (86) | $ | (86) 37 4. Inventory Inventory consists of the following: December 31,
2012 | 2011
Raw materials | $ | 361,000 | $ | 2,741,000
Finished goods | 136,000 | 1,513,000
$ | 497,000 | $ | 4,254,000 The inventory at December 31, 2012 consisted of key components supplied under our "Image by PicoP" ingredient brand business
model, and finished goods primarily composed of our accessory pico projectors. The inventory at December 31, 2011 consisted of raw
materials primarily for our accessory pico projectors and PicoP display engine, and finished goods primarily composed of our accessory
pico projectors. Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost determined on a net realizable value basis. Management
periodically assesses the need to provide for obsolescence of inventory and adjusts the carrying value of inventory to its net realizable
value when required. In addition, we reduce the value of our inventory to its estimated scrap value when management determines that
it is not probable that the inventory will be consumed through the normal course of business during the next twelve months. In 2012
and 2011, we recorded inventory write-downs of $1,094,000 and $1,563,000, respectively.
At December 31, 2012 and 2011, we have aggregate allowances recorded of $9,916,000 and $11,138,000, respectively, offsetting
inventory on hand deemed to be obsolete or scrap inventory. 5. Accrued liabilities Accrued liabilities consist of the following: December 31,
2012 | 2011
Bonuses | $ | 724,000 | $ | 1,214,000
Payroll and payroll taxes | 427,000 | 590,000
Compensated absences | 384,000 | 508,000
Deferred rent credit | 187,000 | 261,000
Warranty | 206,000 | 490,000
Adverse purchase commitments | 634,000 | 134,000
Accelerated rent expense | 109,000 | 402,000
Professional fees | 533,000 | 415,000
Purchased patents | - | 330,000
Other | 803,000 | 769,000
$ | 4,007,000 | $ | 5,113,000 6. Property and equipment, net Property and equipment consists of the following: December 31,
2012 | 2011
Production equipment | $ | 5,201,000 | $ | 5,144,000
Leasehold improvements | 3,344,000 | 3,344,000
Computer hardware and software/lab equipment | 9,002,000 | 8,917,000
Office furniture and equipment | 1,485,000 | 1,485,000
19,032,000 | 18,890,000
Less: Accumulated depreciation | (17,827,000) | (16,543,000)
$ | 1,205,000 | $ | 2,347,000 Depreciation expense was $1,445,000 and $2,406,000 in 2012 and 2011, respectively. 38 7. Intangible assets Our intangible assets consist entirely of technology-based purchased patents. The patents are amortized using the straight-line
method over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from one to 17 years. The gross value of our intangible assets was $2.3 million
as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Amortization expense was $184,000 and $185,000 in 2012 and 2011, respectively.
In 2012 we recorded an impairment amounting to $284,000 on 35 patents that were abandoned in prosecution. We
estimate that we have no significant residual value related to our intangible assets. In October 2010, we entered into an agreement to purchase a patent portfolio containing 195 patents and patents pending from
Motorola, Inc. to complement our current portfolio of pico projection and display patents. Under terms of the agreement we issued
approximately 104,000 shares of MicroVision common stock in October 2010, made cash payments of $220,000 and $330,000 in June
2011 and June 2012, respectively. The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held at December 31, 2012: Year ended December 31, | Amount
2013 | $ | 158,000
2014 | 158,000
2015 | 157,000
2016 | 157,000
2017 | 146,000
Thereafter | 804,000
Total | $ | 1,580,000 8. Committed equity financing facility In August 2010, we entered into a committed equity financing facility (CEFF) with Azimuth Opportunity, Ltd.,
("Azimuth"), under which we completed two draws and raised a total of $5.6 million in gross proceeds from the sale of
approximately 557,000 shares of our common stock. In consideration for Azimuth's execution and delivery of the purchase agreement,
we paid Azimuth $150,000 in cash and 8,047 shares of our common stock. In July 2011, we cancelled this facility. In May 2011, we entered into a CEFF with Azimuth, under which we raised $1.5 million before placement agent and other issuance
costs from the sale of approximately 203,000 shares of our common stock. In November 2011, we cancelled this facility. In September 2011, we entered into a CEFF with Azimuth, under which we raised $5.0 million before placement agent and other
issuance costs from the sale of approximately 955,000 shares of our common stock. In November 2011, we cancelled this facility. Reedland Capital Partners acted as placement agent under each of these CEFFs and received a fee for its services equal to 1% of
the aggregate dollar amount of common stock purchased by Azimuth upon settlement of any draw under the facilities. 9. Common stock In June 2012, we raised $10.5 million before issuance costs of approximately $823,000 through an underwritten public offering
of 4.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 2.1 million shares of our common stock. Details of the warrants are
described below in Note 10. 39 In May 2012, we raised approximately $5.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $71,000 from the sale of 3.3 million
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.0 million shares of our common stock to private investors. Details of the warrants
are described below in Note 10. In November 2011, we raised approximately $10.5 million, before issuance costs of approximately $925,000, through an
underwritten public offering of 2.2 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.3 million shares of our common stock.
Details of the warrants are described below in Note 10. During 2011, we also raised approximately $12.1 million, before issuance costs of $635,000, through the sale of approximately 1.7
million shares of our common stock under our 2010 and 2011 committed equity financing facilities. 10. Warrants In June 2012, we raised $10.5 million before issuance costs of approximately $823,000 through an underwritten public offering
of 4.2 million shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase 2.1 million shares of our common stock. The warrants have an
exercise price of $2.65 per share, a five year term, and are exercisable beginning one year from the date of issuance. In May 2012, we raised approximately $5.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $71,000 from the sale of 3.3 million
shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.0 million shares of our common stock to private investors. The warrants have an
exercise price of $2.125 per share, a three year term, and are exercisable 60 days from the date of issuance. In November 2011, we raised approximately $10.5 million, before issuance costs of approximately $925,000, through an
underwritten public offering of 2.2 million shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1.3 million shares of our common stock.
The warrants have an exercise price of $6.24 per share, a five year term, and are exercisable on the date of issuance. The following summarizes activity with respect to MicroVision common stock warrants during the two years ended December 31, 2012: Warrants to | Weighted
purchase | average
common | excercise
shares | price
Outstanding at December 31, 2010 | 1,042,000 | $ | 25.84
Granted:
Exercise price greater than intrinsic value | 1,278,000 | 6.24
Exercised | - | -
Canceled/expired | (33,000) | 22.08
Outstanding at December 31, 2011 | 2,287,000 | 14.96
Granted:
Exercise price greater than intrinsic value | 3,100,000 | 2.48
Exercised | - | -
Canceled/expired | (256,000) | 17.60
Outstanding at December 31, 2012 | 5,131,000 | $ | 7.28
Exercisable at December 31, 2012 | 3,031,000 | $ | 10.49 40 The following table summarizes information about the weighted-average fair value of MicroVision common stock warrants granted
for the periods shown: Year Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Exercise price greater than fair value | $ | 0.97 | $ | 2.06 We estimated the fair value of our common stock warrants on the respective grant dates using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for grants in 2012 and 2011, respectively: dividend yield of zero percent
for both years; expected volatility of 100% and 83%; risk-free interest rates of 0.52% and 1.0% and expected lives of 4 and 5 years,
respectively. The following table summarizes information about our common stock warrants outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2012: Warrants outstanding | Warrants exercisable
Weighted
Number | average | Weighted | Number | Weighted
outstanding at | remaining | average | excercisable at | average
December 31, | contractual | excercise | December 31, | excercise
Range of exercise prices | 2012 | life (years) | price | 2012 | price
$2.13 | 1,000,000 | 2.39 | $ | 2.13 | 1,000,000 | $ | 2.13
$2.65 | 2,100,000 | 4.47 | 2.65 | - | -
$6.24 | 1,278,000 | 3.88 | 6.24 | 1,278,000 | 6.24
$28.80 | 753,000 | 0.56 | 28.80 | 753,000 | 28.80
$2.13-$28.80 | 5,131,000 | 3,031,000 11. Share-based compensation We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over the requisite
service period for each award. The valuation of and accounting for share-based awards includes a number of complex and subjective
estimates. These estimates include, but are not limited to, the future volatility of our stock price, future stock option exercise behaviors,
estimated employee turnover and award forfeiture rates. As part of our plan to conserve cash used in operations, we implemented two share-based compensation programs under which
we issued shares of our common stock as compensation instead of cash. We have allocated the expense related to these programs to
various financial statement lines consistent with the method used for allocating all share-based compensation. In May 2012, we issued 227,000 shares of our common stock to non-executive employees as the remaining payment of 2010
bonuses in lieu of cash. These shares were valued using our closing stock price on the date of grant. We expensed $345,000 of
share-based employee compensation for these awards at grant. In August 2012, we issued 440,000 shares of our common stock to non-executive employees for retention purposes. These shares
were valued using our closing stock price on the date of grant. These shares vest 40% in August 2012, 30% in December 2012, and
30% in August 2013 and expense is recognized over the vesting period. During 2012, we expensed $562,000 of share-based employee compensation for these awards. 41 In May 2011, we issued 52,000 shares of our common stock as incentive awards to non-executive employees under the 2006
Incentive Plan. The shares were valued using our closing stock price on the date of grant. We expensed $560,000 of share-based
employee compensation for these awards at grant. In June 2011, we implemented a voluntary program in which certain non-executive senior professional employees could elect to
receive a portion of their 2011 salary in stock instead of cash. During 2011, we issued 136,000 shares of our common stock under the
2006 Incentive Plan as payment of salary. The shares were valued using our closing stock price on the date of grant. The total
share-based compensation expense for these awards was $998,000, for service completed during 2011. Description of Incentive Plans The Company currently has two share-based incentive plans. The 2006 Incentive Plan described below is administered by the
Board of Directors, or its designated committee ("Plan Administrator"), and provides for various awards as determined by the Plan
Administrator. In June 2008, we determined not to issue additional options from a second share-based incentive plan, the Independent
Director Stock Option Plan described below. The 2006 Incentive Plan has 2.8 million shares authorized, of which 218,000 shares were available for awards as of December 31,
2012. The 2006 Incentive Plan permits granting non-qualified stock options (NSOs), incentive stock options (ISOs), stock appreciation
rights, restricted or unrestricted stock, deferred stock, other share-based awards, or cash awards to employees, officers, directors and
certain non-employees of the Company. Any award may be a performance-based award. Awards granted under the 2006 Incentive
Plan have generally been to employees under non-qualified stock option agreements with the following provisions: exercise prices
greater than or equal to the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant; vesting periods ranging from three years to four years;
expiration 10 years from the date of grant; and optionees who terminate their service after vesting have a limited time to exercise their
options (typically three to twelve months). The Independent Director Stock Option Plan (IDSOP) has 113,000 shares authorized, of which 75,000 are issued and outstanding
as of December 31, 2012. The IDSOP permits granting NSOs to independent directors of the Company. Grants awarded under the
IDSOP generally have the following terms: exercise price equal to the Company's closing stock price on the date of grant, expiration 10
years from the date of grant, and vested grants remain exercisable until their expiration dates if a director leaves the Board. In June
2008, the Company shareholders approved an amendment to the 2006 Incentive Plan described above to allow non-employee
directors to participate in the plan. The Company does not intend to issue additional options from the IDSOP. Options Valuation Methodology and Assumptions We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the fair value of options granted and use the closing price of our
common stock as the fair market value of our stock on that date. We consider historical stock price volatilities, volatilities of similar companies and other factors in determining estimates of future
volatilities. We use historical lives, including post-termination exercise behavior, publications, comparable company estimates, and other
factors as the basis for estimating expected lives. Risk free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve as published by the U.S. Treasury. 42 The following table summarizes the weighted-average valuation assumptions and weighted-average
grant date fair value of options granted during the periods shown below: Year Ended December 31,
2012 | 2011
Assumptions (weighted average)
Volatility | 98% | 85%
Expected term (in years) | 4.5 | 4.0
Risk-free rate | 0.6% | 1.3%
Expected dividends | 0.0% | 0.0%
Pre-vest forfeiture rate | 8.5% | 7.5%
Grant date fair value of options granted | $ | 1.39 | $ | 6.10 Options Activity and Positions The following table summarizes activity and positions with respect to options for the two years ended December 31, 2012: Weighted
Average
Weighted | Remaining
Average | Contractual | Aggregate
Exercise | Term | Intrinsic
Options | Shares | Price | (years) | Value
Outstanding as of December 31, 2010 | 1,092,000 | $ | 27.20 | 5.9 | $ | 96,309
Granted | 121,000 | 10.00
Exercised | (5,000) | 15.12
Forfeited or expired | (244,000) | 31.60
Outstanding as of December 31, 2011 | 964,000 | 24.00 | 5.8 | -
Granted | 671,000 | 1.97
Exercised | (16,000) | 1.80
Forfeited or expired | (301,000) | 21.20
Outstanding as of December 31, 2012 | 1,318,000 | $ | 13.71 | 6.8 | $ | 61,871
Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2012 | 1,285,000 | $ | 13.97 | 6.7 | $ | 59,481
Exercisable as of December 31, 2012 | 777,000 | $ | 20.34 | 5.4 | $ | 20,444 The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 were $13,000 and $12,000,
respectively. The total grant date fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 was $2.5 million and $4.1
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2012, our unamortized share-based compensation was $1.3 million which we plan to
amortize over the next 1.5 years. In March 2011, we issued 85,000 nonvested equity shares of the Company's common stock to executive employees. These
shares vest conditionally upon completion of certain service and performance objectives by June 30, 2014. The nonvested equity
shares were valued at fair value on the date of grant and the share-based compensation expense will be amortized over the service
period. As of December 31, 2012, our unamortized nonvested equity share-based compensation was $516,000 which we plan to amortize
over the next year. 43 12. Receivables from related parties Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2011 included $409,000 from a sale of PicoP engines to Walsin Lihwa Corporation
which integrated the engines into its product sold in China during 2011. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2012 does not
include any sales to Walsin Lihwa Corporation. Our accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2012 and 2011 included $159,000
remaining due from this customer. Based on filings with the SEC as of December 31, 2012 and 2011, Walsin Lihwa beneficially owns
approximately 4.0% and 7.3% of our common stock as determined in accordance with SEC rules, through its wholly owned subsidiary
Max Display Enterprises Limited. 13. Commitments and contingencies Litigation We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to
any legal proceedings that management believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. Lease commitments We lease our office space and certain equipment under noncancelable capital and operating leases with initial or remaining terms
in excess of one year. We entered into a 90 month facility lease that commenced in February 2006. The lease includes extension and rent escalation
provisions over the 90 month term of the lease. Rent expense will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Future minimum rental commitments under capital and operating leases for years ending December 31 are as follows: Capital | Operating
leases | leases
2013 | $ | 62,000 | $ | 642,000
2014 | 21,000 | -
2015 | - | -
2016 | - | -
2017 | - | -
Thereafter | - | -
Total minimum lease payments | 83,000 | $ | 642,000
Less: Amount representing interest | (15,000)
Present value of capital lease obligations | 68,000
Less: Current portion | (48,000)
Long-term obligation at December 31, 2012 | $ | 20,000 The capital leases are collateralized by the related assets financed and by security deposits held by the lessors under the lease
agreements. The cost and accumulated depreciation of equipment under capital leases was $987,000 and $961,000, respectively, at
December 31, 2012 and $987,000 and $942,000, respectively, at December 31, 2011. Net rent expense was $708,000 and $1,156,000 for 2012 and 2011, respectively. 44 Long-term debt During 2006, we entered into a loan agreement with the lessor of our corporate headquarters in Redmond to finance $536,000 in
tenant improvements. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of 9% per annum, is repayable over the initial term of the lease, which
expires in 2013, and is secured by a letter of credit. The balance of the loan was $67,000 at December 31, 2012. Adverse purchase commitments We have periodically entered into noncancelable purchase contracts in order to ensure the availability of materials to support
production of our PicoP based products and bar code scanners. We periodically assess the need to provide for impairment on these
purchase contracts and record a loss on purchase commitments when required. During 2012, we recorded losses of $500,000 to cost
of product revenue as a result of commitments to purchase materials for the SHOWWX that were in excess of our estimated future
proceeds from sale of the SHOWWX. During 2011, no losses on purchase commitments were recorded. 14. Income taxes A provision for income taxes has not been recorded for 2012 and 2011 due to the valuation allowances placed against the net
operating losses and deferred tax assets arising during such periods. A valuation allowance has been recorded for all deferred tax
assets. Based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates sufficient uncertainty regarding the
realizability of the deferred tax assets. At December 31, 2012, we have net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $305.9 million, for federal income tax reporting
purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of $6.0 million. The net operating loss carry-forwards and
research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2017 to 2032 if
not previously utilized. The research and development tax credits and the remaining net operating losses are scheduled to expire
between 2017 and 2032. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by
certain combinations of our stockholders during any three-year period would result in limitations on our ability to utilize our net operating
loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets are summarized as follows: December 31,
2012 | 2011
Deferred tax assets, current
Reserves | $ | 3,804,000 | $ | 4,395,000
Other | 710,000 | 806,000
Total gross deferred tax assets, current | 4,514,000 | 5,201,000
Deferred tax assets, noncurrent
Net operating loss carryforwards | 104,893,000 | 97,156,000
R&D credit carryforwards | 6,032,000 | 5,754,000
Depreciation/amortization deferred | 26,594,000 | 26,510,000
Other | 7,573,000 | 6,958,000
Total gross deferred tax assets, noncurrent | 145,092,000 | 136,378,000
Net deferred taxes before valuation allowance | 149,606,000 | 141,579,000
Less: Valuation allowance | (149,606,000) | (141,579,000)
Deferred tax assets | $ | - | $ | - 45 The valuation allowance and the research and development credit carry forwards account for substantially all of the difference
between our effective income tax rate and the Federal statutory tax rate of 34%. Certain net operating losses arise from the deductibility for tax purposes of compensation under nonqualified stock options equal to
the difference between the fair value of the stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the options. For financial reporting
purposes, the tax effect of this deduction when recognized is accounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity. We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2012 and at December 31, 2011. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended
December 31, 2012 and 2011, we recognized no interest or penalties. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states.
Due to our operating loss and credit carryforwards, the U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for 1997 and onward. 15. Retirement savings plan We have a retirement savings plan that qualifies under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). The plan covers all qualified
employees. Contributions to the plan by the Company are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors. In March 2012, the
Company discontinued discretionary matching contributions. Prior to March 2012, we matched 50% of employee contributions to the
plan up to 6% of the employee's per pay period compensation. During 2012 and 2011, we contributed $44,000 and $242,000,
respectively, to the plan under the matching program. 16. Quarterly financial information (Unaudited) The following table presents our unaudited quarterly financial information for the years ending December 31, 2012 and 2011 (in
thousands, except per share data): Year Ended December 31, 2012
December 31, | September 30, | June 30, | March 31,
Revenue | $ | 2,727 | $ | 2,613 | $ | 1,295 | $ | 1,730
Gross margin (loss) | 1,238 | 1,475 | 1,328 | (2,600)
Net loss | (4,074) | (3,845) | (4,971) | (9,803)
Net loss per share basic and diluted | (0.16) | (0.15) | (0.26) | (0.58)
Year Ended December 31, 2011
December 31, | September 30, | June 30, | March 31,
Revenue | $ | 1,504 | $ | 1,839 | $ | 1,155 | $ | 1,119
Gross margin (loss) | (2,922) | (881) | (2,225) | (1,420)
Net loss | (9,806) | (7,790) | (9,175) | (9,037)
Net loss per share basic and diluted | (0.62) | (0.57) | (0.69) | (0.70) 46 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants in accounting or financial disclosure matters during the
Company's fiscal years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial
Officer ("CFO") evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), prior to the filing of this Form 10-K. Based on that
evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2012, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f).
Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2012. (c) Changes in internal controls over financial reporting. There have not been any changes in our internal control over
financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2012 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None 47 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 4A. The information
required by this Item and not provided in Item 4A will appear under the caption "Discussion of Proposals Recommended by the
Board" in the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. The Proxy Statement will be filed prior to
our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders'. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Director Compensation for 2012" in the Proxy Statement, which
sections are incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
 AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. Information as of December 31, 2012 regarding equity compensation plans approved and not approved by stockholders is
summarized in the following table: Equity Compensation Plan Information
Number of | Weighted- | Number of securities
securities to be | average exercise | remaining available for
issued upon | price of | further issuance under
exercise of | outstanding | equity compensation
outstanding | options, warrants | plans (excluding
options, warrants | and rights | securities reflected in
and rights | column (a))
Plan Category | (a) | (b) | (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders | 1,318,000 | $ | 13.71 | 218,000
Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders | - | - | -
Total | 1,318,000 | $ | 13.71 | 218,000 The other information required by this Item will appear under the caption "Information About MicroVision Common Stock
Ownership" in the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The information required by this Item will appear under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions"
and "Board Meetings and Committees" in the Proxy Statement, which sections are incorporated in this Item by
reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The information required by this Item will appear under the caption "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in
the Proxy Statement, which section is incorporated in this Item by reference. 48 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Documents filed as part of the report: Financial Statements Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are referenced or included in this report. 3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc., as amended (9)
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. (14)
3.3 | Bylaws of MicroVision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.2 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (7)
4.3 | Warrant Agreement dated November 16, 2011 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC. (13)
4.4 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 9, 2012 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and the investors named therein, as amended.
4.5 | Warrant Agreement dated June 20, 2012 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC (15)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and MicroVision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and MicroVision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and MicroVision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (4)
10.5 | MicroVision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (6)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (3)*
10.7 | Employment Agreement between MicroVision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated April 7, 2009. (10)
10.8 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and MicroVision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (5)
10.9 | Change of Control Severance Plan
10.10 | Jeff T. Wilson Severance and General Release Agreement. (16)
16.1 | Letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated October 2, 2012. (17) 49 23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — Moss Adams LLP.
23.2 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
101.INS** | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
101.CAL** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
101.DEF** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
101.LAB** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
101.PRE** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2003. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2008. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2009 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2011. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2011. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2011. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2012. (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2012. (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012. (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2012. + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of
this Report. ** Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulations S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
otherwise are not subject to liability. 50 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC.
Date: March 13, 2013 | By | Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the following capacities on March 13, 2013. Signature | Title
/s/ Alexander Tokman Alexander Tokman | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jeff Wilson Jeff Wilson | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Richard A. Cowell Richard A. Cowell | Director
/s/ Slade Gorton Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ Jeanette Horan Jeanette Horan | Director
/s/ Perry Mulligan Perry Mulligan | Director
/s/ Brian Turner Brian Turner | Director 51 EXHIBIT INDEX The following documents are filed herewith or have been included as exhibits to previous filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference as indicated below. 3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc., as amended (9)
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. (14)
3.3 | Bylaws of MicroVision, Inc. (2)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (2)
4.2 | Form of Warrant issued under the Placement Agency Agreement dated as of July 18, 2008 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and FTN Securities Corp., as representative of the several placement agents named therein. (7)
4.3 | Warrant Agreement dated November 16, 2011 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC. (13)
4.4 | Form of Warrant issued under the Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 9, 2012 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and the investors named therein, as amended.
4.5 | Warrant Agreement dated June 20, 2012 by and between MicroVision, Inc. and American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, LLC (15)
10.1 | Assignment of License and Other Rights between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and the H. Group, dated July 25, 1993. (1)
10.2 | Project II Research Agreement between The University of Washington and the Washington Technology Center and MicroVision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.3 | Exclusive License Agreement between The University of Washington and MicroVision, Inc., dated October 28, 1993. (1) +
10.4 | Exclusive License Agreement between the University of Washington and MicroVision, Inc. dated March 3, 1994. (4)
10.5 | MicroVision, Inc. 2006 Incentive Plan, as amended. (6)*
10.6 | Independent Director Stock Option Plan, as amended. (3)*
10.7 | Employment Agreement between MicroVision, Inc. and Alexander Y. Tokman dated April 7, 2009. (10)
10.8 | Lease Agreement between CarrAmerica Reality Operating Partnership, L.P. and MicroVision, Inc., dated July 15, 2005. (5)
10.9 | Change of Control Severance Plan
10.10 | Jeff T. Wilson Severance and General Release Agreement. (16)
16.1 | Letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated October 2, 2012. (17)
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — Moss Adams LLP.
23.2 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm — PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18 United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-05276-LA. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2002. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2003. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2005. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2008. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 18, 2008. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2009 52 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2009 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2009 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2011. (12) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 13, 2011. (13) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2011. (14) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2012. (15) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2012. (16) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2012. (17) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2012. + Subject to confidential treatment. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of
this Report. ** Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulations S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
otherwise are not subject to liability. 53