false 0000065770 0000065770 2024-03-05 2024-03-05 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 5, 2024 MICROVISION,
INC. (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Delaware | 001-34170 | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 18390
NE 68th Street Redmond , Washington 98052 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code) Not
Applicable (Former
name or former address if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under
any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share | MVIS | The NASDAQ Stock Market Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company ☐ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On
March 5, 2024, MicroVision, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “Sales
Agreement”) with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC (“Craig-Hallum”),
who are acting as the sales agents (collectively, the “Agents”). Pursuant to the Sales Agreement, the Company may sell, at
its option, shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of $150,000,000 (the “Shares”) through or directly
to the Agents. Sales of the Shares made pursuant to the Sales Agreement, if any, will be made under the Company’s automatically
effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on June 13, 2023 (File No. 333-272616), as amended by Post-Effective Amendment No.
1 filed on February 29, 2024 and Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 filed on March 1, 2024 and from time to time further amended or supplemented
(the “Registration Statement”). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Sales Agreement, the Company may propose that
an Agent place Shares pursuant to the terms set forth in a placement notice (an “Agency Transaction”) or offer and sell Shares
directly to an Agent, as principal, pursuant to the terms of a separate terms agreement (a “Principal Transaction”). Agents
may sell the Shares, if any, in an Agency Transaction only by methods deemed to be an “at the market offering” as defined
in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation sales made directly on The Nasdaq
Global Market, on any other trading market for the common stock or to or through a market maker. In addition, the Agents may, with the
Company’s prior written consent, sell Shares by any other method permitted by law, including negotiated transactions. The Agents
will use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with their normal trading and sales practices to sell the Shares in an Agency Transaction
in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement and any applicable placement notice. The Company cannot provide any assurances that
it will issue any Shares pursuant to the Sales Agreement. The
Sales Agreement provides that an Agent will be entitled to receive a commission of 3% of the gross proceeds from the sale of the Shares
in an Agency Transaction in which the Agent acts as the sales agent. Any commission, discount or other compensation payable to the Agents
with respect to a Principal Transaction will be set forth in the applicable terms agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Sales Agreement,
the Company also provided the Agents with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The offering of common stock pursuant to
the Sales Agreement will terminate upon the earlier of (i) the sale of all of the common stock subject to the Sales Agreement and (ii)
the termination of the Sales Agreement by the Company or by each of the Agents, following delivery of sufficient written notice by the
Company or each of the Agents to the other parties. The
Company currently anticipates that the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered pursuant to the Sales Agreement, if any,
will be used to support investments that may be required to scale production capabilities with OEM-approved manufacturing partners, accelerate
application specific integrated circuit development, advance the Company’s execution of its go-to market strategy for both of its
MAVIN and MOVIA products and for other general corporate purposes. The
foregoing description of the Sales Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Sales
Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The Sales Agreement is also incorporated
by reference into the Registration Statement. The provisions of the Sales Agreement, including the representations and warranties contained
therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to the Sales Agreement and are not intended as a document for investors
and the public to obtain factual information about the Company’s current state of affairs. Rather, investors and the public should
look to other disclosures contained in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). A
copy of the opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP relating to the Shares is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is
also incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement. This
Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Shares discussed herein,
nor shall there be any sale of such Shares in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior
to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Item
1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement. On
March 5, 2024, the Company and Craig-Hallum mutually agreed to terminate that certain At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement dated August
29, 2023 (the “Craig-Hallum Sales Agreement”) between the Company and Craig-Hallum, as sales agent. The Craig-Hallum Sales
Agreement permitted the Company to issue and sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $35 million in shares of its common stock,
through Craig-Hallum. The termination of the Craig-Hallum Sales Agreement did not result in any penalty to the Company. Through
the termination of the Craig-Hallum Sales Agreement, the Company sold approximately 6.1 million shares of common stock for an aggregate
offering price of approximately $16.0 million. The
foregoing description of the Craig-Hallum Sales Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text
of the Craig-Hallum Sales Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
with the SEC on August 29, 2023. Item
9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . 1.1 | At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated March 5, 2024, by and among the Company and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC.
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (contained in Exhibit 5.1 above).
104 | Cover Page Interactive File (the cover page tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Forward-Looking
Statements Certain
statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including those relating to activity under the Sales Agreement; intended use
of proceeds; expectations about product features, performance, production and our relationship with commercial partners; as well as statements
using words such as “expects,” “believes,” or “intends” are forward-looking statements that involve
a number of risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking
statements include the following: our ability to successfully complete the offering on terms and conditions satisfactory to us; the possible
adverse impact on the market price of our shares of common stock due to the dilutive effect of the securities to be sold in the offering;
capital market risks; our ability to operate with limited cash or to raise additional capital when needed; market acceptance of our technologies
and products or for products incorporating our technologies; the failure of our commercial partners to perform as expected under our
agreements; our ability to identify parties interested in paying any amounts or amounts we deem desirable for the purchase or license
of intellectual property assets; our or our customers’ failure to perform under open purchase orders; our financial and technical
resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our
technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain
additional contract awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches and delays in product
development; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products; dependence on third parties to develop, manufacture, sell
and market our products; potential product liability claims; our ability to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market, and other
risk factors identified from time to time in our SEC reports, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q and other reports filed with the SEC. These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the general or specific factors
that may affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant,
now or in the future, and the factors set forth in this release may affect us to a greater extent than indicated. Except as expressly
required by federal securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, changes in circumstances or any other reason. SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC.
By: | /s/ Drew G. Markham
Drew G. Markham Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Date:
March 5, 2024