10-K 1 body10k.htm 10-K FY2020 10-K DOC UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark one) [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 OR [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission file number 001-34170 MicroVision, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6244 185th Avenue NE, Suite 100 Redmond, Washington 98052 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) (425) 936-6847 (Registrant's Telephone Number, including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class | Trading Symbol | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share | MVIS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company" and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer x | Smaller reporting company x | Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2020 was
approximately $208.0 million (based upon the closing price of $1.36 per share for the registrant's common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market on that date). The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding as of March 9, 2021 was 157,327,415. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with the registrant's 2021 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders (the "2021 Proxy Statement") are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. MICROVISION, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. | Page
Item 1. | Business | 1
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 5
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 13
Item 2. | Properties | 13
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 14
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 14
Item 4A. | Executive Officers of the Registrant | 14
Part II.
Item 5. | Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 15
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 15
Item 7. | Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 15
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 22
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 24
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 46
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 46
Item 9B. | Other Information | 46
Part III.
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 46
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 46
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 47
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence | 47
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | 47
Part IV.
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules | 48
Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary | 49
Signatures | 50 i PART I. Preliminary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Such statements may include,
but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, technology development by third
parties, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, Inc. ("we," "our," or "us"), as well as assumptions relating to the foregoing. The
words "anticipate," "could," "would," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "may,"
"plan," "project," "will," and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected in our forward-looking statements include risk factors identified below in Item 1A. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview MicroVision, Inc. is developing a lidar sensor to be used in automotive safety and autonomous driving
applications. Our lidar sensor uses our pioneering laser beam scanning (LBS) technology. Our LBS technology is based on our patented expertise in systems that include micro-electrical
mechanical systems (MEMS), laser diodes, opto-mechanics, electronics, algorithms and software and how those elements are packaged into a small form factor. Our lidar
sensor also utilizes edge computing and machine intelligence as part of the solution.
Though automotive lidar is our priority now, we have developed solutions for Augmented Reality, Interactive Displays, and Consumer Lidars. We are developing our 1st generation lidar sensor, which we call Long Range Lidar (LRL), for OEM and Tier-1 automotive suppliers to be incorporated into automotive active
collision avoidance systems and autonomous driving vehicles. This product will also be targeted for sales to technology companies focused on Mobility as a Service (MaaS). MaaS
customers are currently major users of automotive lidar sensors. In addition to our automotive lidar sensor, we have developed micro-display concepts and designs that could be utilized in head-mounted Augmented Reality (AR) headsets and
have developed a 1440i MEMS module that can support augmented reality headsets. We have also developed a display solution targeted at the smart speakers market, which we
call an Interactive Display module. This display is designed to project onto a countertop, tabletop or a wall from inside a smart speaker. The user can then touch the projected image
on any surface on which the display is visible and it will behave like a touchscreen, as on a tablet or smartphone. Lastly, we have developed a small lidar sensor, which we call
Consumer Lidar, for use indoors with smart home systems. This allows for a smart home system to understand what is happening in the home and then enable the smart home to
respond in an appropriate way. For the past few years, our strategy has been to sell AR displays or components, Interactive Displays, or Consumer
Lidars to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original design manufacturers (ODMs) for incorporation into their products. However, while we do have a well-known
customer for one of these products which generates royalty income, the volume of sales and resulting royalties from that product are not significant, and we have been unable to
secure additional customers to launch one of our products. As a result, since February 2020, we have focused our attention on strategic alternatives, including a potential sale or merger of the Company, sale of part of the Company,
strategic minority investment, as well as licensing and other transactions. We currently have no agreements or commitments to engage in any specific strategic transactions, and our
exploration of various strategic alternatives may not result in any specific action or transaction. We may be unable to identify, successfully negotiate with and consummate a suitable
transaction with a buyer or other strategic partner on favorable terms, on the timeline we expect, or at all. If we determine to engage in a strategic transaction, we cannot predict the
impact that such a transaction might have on our operations or stock price, and we cannot predict the impact on our stock price or operations if we fail to enter into such a
transaction. While we continue to pursue strategic alternatives, we plan to focus on increasing the value of the Company by completing development of our 1st
Generation LRL module to a level that it would be ready to scale in the market. We believe our technology and designs for automotive lidar can be successful in the market, and our
solutions will have features and performance that exceed market needs and competitive products and will provide us several sustainable strategic advantages in the market. In
November 2020, we announced the results of initial product tests of our 1st Generation LRL module that demonstrated key features, including an ability to be immune to interference
signals from other lidars, rogue malicious signals and interference caused by sunlight. 1 We believe we are on track to complete our A-Sample hardware along with selected benchmarked data in the April 2021 timeframe. These could be used for demonstration to
interested parties. Following completion of the A-Sample hardware we will work to internally verify all features perform as expected. In addition to verification we will conduct
reliability and compliance testing. It is possible the 1st Generation LRL could be available for sale, in small quantities, in the third or fourth quarter of 2021. We have incurred substantial losses since inception, and we expect to incur a significant loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. MicroVision, Inc. was founded in 1993 as a Washington corporation and reincorporated in 2003 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Our headquarters is located at 6244
185th Avenue NE, Suite 100, Redmond, Washington 98052, and our telephone number is (425) 936-6847. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free-of-charge
from the investor page of our website, accessible at www.microvision.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of these filings may also be obtained by visiting the SEC's website, www.sec.gov, which contains current, quarterly and annual reports, proxy
and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to be spread throughout the United States and the
world. The impact from the COVID-19 outbreak is uncertain and may impact our business and results of operations and could impact our financial condition in the future. We are
unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 may have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity, duration and spread of the outbreak, and actions that may
be taken by governmental authorities. Several of the suppliers of components in our LBS modules have experienced closures or have been operating at reduced capacity, resulting in lower than planned product
shipments. Continued disruptions to the supply chain could have a material impact on our future operating results. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including related governmental guidance or directives, we are still requiring most office-based employees to work remotely. We may
experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our business routines while our remote work policy remains in place, or if our employees become ill and are unable to work.
This could have an adverse effect on the timing of our development activities, our ability to raise additional capital, our ability to enter into licensing agreements, or our ability to
complete a potential sale or merger of the Company. In April 2020, we received funds in the amount of $1.6 million pursuant to a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the 2020 CARES Act ("PPP") administered by the
Small Business Administration. The loan has an interest rate of 0.98% and a term of 24 months. No payments are due for the first 10 months following the 24-week covered period,
although interest accrues during that period. Thereafter, the loan is repayable in monthly installments over the next 18 months to retire the loan plus accrued interest. Funds from
the loan may only be used for certain purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and a portion of the loan used to pay certain costs may be forgivable, all as provided by
the terms of the PPP. The CARES Act reduces the amount of the PPP loan that may be forgiven if the borrower reduces full-time equivalent employees during the covered period as
compared to a base period. As of December 31, 2020, all of the funds received under the PPP had been used for qualified purposes. We intend to apply for partial forgiveness of the
loan under PPP guidelines. Based on the terms of the PPP, we estimate the amount of the loan that will be forgiven will be approximately $690,000, subject to approval by our
lender in accordance with PPP guidelines. The loan is evidenced by a promissory note, which contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment defaults
and breaches of representations and warranties. We may prepay the loan at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Technology Our patented LBS technology combines a MEMS scanning mirror, laser diode light sources, electronics, and optics that are controlled using our proprietary system control
algorithms along with edge computing and machine learning in some systems. The MEMS scanning mirror is a key component of our technology system and is one of our core
competencies. Our MEMS scanning mirror is a silicon device that oscillates in a precisely controlled closed loop pattern so that we can place a pixel of light at a precise point. This
allows us to generate a projected image pixel-by-pixel for use in lidar sensing and display. Scanning modules with our technology can be designed to operate in one of three
different modes: lidar sensing only, display and lidar sensing combined, and display only. For applications that 2 include a projected display, our PicoP® scanning technology
creates a brilliant, full color, high-contrast, uniform image over the entire field-of-view from a small and thin module with low power consumption. Our Consumer Lidar scanning
module is small with high resolution, low power and low latency which are features that are important for its applications. We believe that our proprietary technology offers significant
advantages over other lidar sensing systems and traditional displays. For automotive lidar, we believe that our sensor will meet the specifications set by OEM's, have high resolution within all range targets, collect large number of points per
degree, have dynamic field of view that covers near, mid and far field of view in a single sensor, and provide clustered velocity data for objects in the fields of view at low latency.
We also believe our solution will operate in full sunlight and in the presence of lidars in other nearby vehicles. In Augmented Reality (AR) applications, our technology enables high
resolution of 1440i for large fields of view with low weight and low latency and persistence. Our Interactive Display gives an instant on and off, full color, focus-free, 720p projected
image that is capable of responding as if it were a capacitance touch screen from any surface the projection can be seen on while maintaining Class 1 laser safety requirements.
Our Consumer Lidar has a small size and is intended for use indoors with smart home systems. It is designed to enable a smart home system to understand what is happening in
the home and respond in an appropriate way. Markets for Our Technology All of the uses of the technology that we have developed require that they become a component inside the products of other companies. For automotive lidar, our LRL sensor would be sold to automotive Tier-1 manufacturers, automotive OEMs, and MaaS technology companies. The sensor is targeted for Level 3
(L3) autonomous safety and Level 4 (L4) autonomous driving applications. For displays or components for the AR market, we would sell our displays or components to an OEM or ODM for them to incorporate into their product. Our AR technology
provides for large fields of view in up to 1440i resolutions with light weight and low latency and persistence. The Interactive Display modules we would produce using our technology would be assembled inside a smart speaker or other device. The customer for Interactive Display
would be an electronics OEM or ODM. Lastly, our Consumer Lidar would be sold to OEMs or ODMs to incorporate in their overall smart home or smart home security product. Products and Services In 2019, our revenue was derived from the sale of components, from development contracts, and from royalty fees for LBS technology.
Beginning in the third quarter of 2019 and through the end of February 2020, we were selling components to a high-definition display system that we developed for a well-known
customer under a development agreement. The volume and resulting revenue and gross profit from this business was fairly low. Therefore, in March 2020, we transferred production
of the components to the customer. Starting in March 2020, we earned a royalty from the customer for each unit shipped, with amounts applied against the prepayment that we had
previously received from the customer until the prepayment is exhausted. The value of the royalty is approximately equal to the amount of gross profit we would have earned if we
continued to produce and ship the components. We believe this arrangement will help us conserve cash, and still preserves our ability to experience financial benefits should the
volume of components increase in the future. Research and Development We believe our research and development efforts have earned us a leadership position in the field of LBS technology and applications as applied to consumer electronics,
automotive and other markets. Our ability to attract customers and grow revenue will depend on our ability to maintain our LBS technology leadership, to continually improve
performance, reduce costs, reduce the size of component parts and scanning modules, and to increase the number of applications and products enabled by our LBS
technology. 3 Our research and development team is located in Redmond, Washington and as of December 31, 2020, was comprised of 37 engineering and technical staff in optics, software
engineering, electrical engineering, product engineering, and MEMS design. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing approach is account based, business-to-business targeting of OEMs and ODMs. Our business development efforts are headed by executive
management and are supported by engineers that assist customers during the design cycles of products. The engineers are located in Redmond, Washington. We engage potential
customers directly, participate in trade shows, and maintain a website. Manufacturing We are not manufacturing any products at this time. When we have produced products or components in the past, our products were manufactured by a contract
manufacturer based on our proprietary design, process, test, quality and reliability standards and incorporated our LBS technology and included MEMS and ASICs that were
produced to order by semiconductor foundries. Our past manufacturing has not been subject to seasonal variations as our shipments have been relatively small and were in the early stages of product introduction. In the
future, depending on our customers' product mix, we may be affected by seasonal fluctuations which could affect working capital demands. While we are not currently having products produced, below describes how we had products produced in the past and is likely how it will be done again if we were to begin
production. We provided forecasts that allow our contract manufacturers to stock component parts and other materials and plan capacity. Our contract manufacturers procured raw
materials in volumes consistent with our forecasts, manufactured and/or assembled the products and performed tests according to our specifications. Products were shipped to our
customers or shipped to our Redmond, Washington headquarters to be inventoried. We procured some specific components and either sold them or consigned them to our contract
manufacturers. We held some inventories of these components. Our contract manufacturers procured additional raw materials we did not own until the finished goods were
completed by our contract manufacturer. Title to the products transferred from our contract manufacturers to us and then to our customers when we completed our performance
obligations. If raw materials were unused, or the products were not sold within specified periods of time, we may have incurred carrying charges or obsolete material charges for
component parts that our contract manufacturers purchased to build products to meet our forecasts or customer orders. Many of the raw materials used in our components are standard to the consumer electronics industry. Our MEMS, MEMS die, and ASICs have historically been manufactured
to our specifications by separate single-source suppliers. Human Factors, Ergonomics and Safety We work with third party independent experts in the field of laser safety to assist in meeting safety specifications. In addition, we monitor developments in the area of
permissible laser exposure limits as established by International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) and others. Independent experts have concluded that laser exposure to the eye
resulting from use of LBS devices under normal operating conditions would be below the calculated maximum permissible exposure level set by the IEC. Competitive Conditions The automotive lidar and consumer display industries are highly competitive. Potential products incorporating our LBS technology will compete with the products of other
manufacturers or, in the case of our display technology, compete with established technologies, such as flat panel display devices, as well as companies developing new display and
sensing technologies. Our competitors include companies such as Velodyne, Innoviz, Luminar Technologies, Aeva, Ouster, Quanergy, Texas Instruments, Intel, Bosch, Opus,
Mirrorcle, Maradin, Himax, Pioneer, Sony (LCOS) and others, some of which have much greater financial, technical and other resources than us. Many of our competitors may be
currently developing alternative lidar sensing or miniature display technologies. Our competitors may succeed in developing innovative technologies and products that could render
our technology or our proposed products commercially infeasible or technologically obsolete. 4 The lidar sensing and consumer display industries have been characterized by rapid and significant technological advances. Our LBS technology system and potential products
may not be competitive with such advances, and we may not have sufficient funds to invest in new technologies, products or processes. Although we believe our technology system
and proposed products could deliver higher performance and have other advantages, manufacturers of competing technologies may develop improvements to their technology that
could reduce or eliminate the anticipated advantages of our proposed products. Lidar sensing is a new market, and we believe we are developing products that will have cost and performance benefits over what competitors may offer. However,
manufacturers of competing technologies or products may develop improvements to the size, performance, and cost of their products, that could reduce or eliminate the anticipated
advantages of our proposed products. Intellectual Property and Proprietary Rights We create intellectual property from three sources: internal research and development activities, technology acquisitions, and performance on development contracts. The
inventions covered by our patent applications generally relate to systems controls in our LBS technology, component miniaturization, power reduction, feature enhancements,
specific implementation of various system components, and design elements to facilitate mass production. Protecting these key-enabling technologies and components is a
fundamental aspect of our strategy to penetrate diverse markets with unique products. As such, we intend to continue to develop our portfolio of proprietary and patented LBS
technologies at the system, component, and process levels. We believe our extensive patent portfolio is the largest, broadest, and earliest filed LBS technology portfolio. We have been granted over 450
issued patents and pending patents worldwide. As our technology develops, we periodically review our patent portfolio and eliminate patents that are deemed of low
value. Due to this ongoing portfolio management practice, the number of patents in our portfolio will vary at any given time. Since our inception in 1993, we have acquired through portfolio purchases, patents that grant us exclusive rights to various LBS technologies. From time to time some of these
patents may expire or be abandoned to better utilize resources expended to maintain and generate new intellectual property. Our ability to compete effectively in automotive lidar, AR, or any other market we may enter may depend, in part, on our ability and the ability of our licensors to maintain the
proprietary nature of these technologies. We also rely on unpatented proprietary technology. To protect our rights in these areas, we require all employees, and where appropriate, contractors, consultants, advisors
and collaborators, to enter into confidentiality and non-compete agreements. There can be no assurance, however, that these agreements will provide meaningful protection for our
trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information. We have registered the name "PicoP®" and "MicroVision®" with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Employees As of March 9, 2021, we had 52 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. Our principal human capital objectives are to attract, retain, motivate, and reward our employees to achieve results for our customers and us. To achieve these objectives, our
human capital programs seek to (i) support skill building and prepare our employees for advancement through continuous learning, (ii) reward our employees through compensation
awards and resources intended to motivate our employees and promote well-being and (iii) continuously identify opportunities for development through regular employee input and
engagement. We also strive for continuous improvement in the diversity and inclusivity among our employees, management, and board of directors, and seek to promote job opportunities to a
diverse pool of qualified candidates. We are also committed to providing an inclusive work environment free of discrimination or harassment of any kind and is supported by policies,
communications, and reporting and resolution resources. Protecting the safety, health, and well-being of our employees is also a key priority. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have remained focused on the health and safety of
our employees by implementing new safety protocols. We have implemented work-from-home procedures where possible, required the wearing of masks and physical distancing on
the job, and increased cleaning procedures and provided cleaning supplies. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the risks described below together with the other information set forth in this report, which could materially affect our business, financial condition
and future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also
may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Risk Factors Related to Our Business and Industry We have a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant losses in the future. 5 We have had substantial losses since our inception. We cannot assure you that we will ever become or remain profitable. As of December 31, 2020, we had an accumulated deficit of $586.2 million. We had an accumulated deficit of $546.1 million from inception through December 31, 2018, a net loss of $26.5 million in 2019, and a net loss of $13.6 million in 2020. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered by companies formed to develop and commercialize
new technologies. In particular, our operations to date have focused primarily on research and development of our LBS technology system and development of demonstration units.
We are unable to accurately estimate future revenues and operating expenses based upon historical performance. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in obtaining additional development revenue or commercializing our technology or products. In light of these factors, we expect to
continue to incur significant losses and negative cash flow at least through 2021 and likely thereafter. There is significant risk that we will not achieve positive cash flow at any time
in the future. We were unable to secure a customer to launch one of our module products in 2020, as planned. As a result, we plan to focus our attention in the near
term on strategic alternatives, including a potential sale or merger of the Company, sale of part of the Company, strategic minority investment, as well as licensing and other
transactions. There is substantial risk that these efforts will be unsuccessful. Such efforts may also be impeded by the impact of COVID-19 on parties who might have otherwise
been interested in pursuing a transaction or on economic and market conditions generally. We currently have no agreements or commitments to engage in any specific strategic
transactions, and our exploration of various strategic alternatives may not result in any specific action or transaction. We may be unable to identify, successfully negotiate with and
consummate a suitable transaction with a buyer or other strategic partner on favorable terms, on the timeline we expect, or at all. If we determine to engage in a strategic
transaction, we cannot predict the impact that such a transaction might have on our operations or stock price, and we cannot predict the impact on our stock price or operations if we
fail to enter into such a transaction. COVID-19 has had an adverse effect on our business, and the future COVID-19 effects on our financial position and business prospects are uncertain. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to be spread throughout the United States and the
world. The impact from the COVID-19 outbreak is uncertain and may impact our business and results of operations and could impact our financial condition in the future. We are
unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 may have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity, duration and spread of the outbreak, and actions that may
be taken by governmental authorities. The adverse impacts of the pandemic on our business and future financial performance could include, but are not limited to: our ability to raise additional capital, our ability to enter into licensing agreements, our technology development plans and timelines, significant declines in revenue due to supply chain disruptions, our operating effectiveness resulting from employees working remotely or being ill and unable to work, and our ability to complete a sale or merger of the Company. We may require additional capital to fund our operations and to implement our business plan. If we do not obtain additional capital, we may be required to curtail our operations
substantially. Raising additional capital may dilute the value of current shareholders' shares. Based on our current operating plan and including $61.4 million raised under At-the-Market equity offering agreements with Craig-Hallum Capital Group since December 31,
2020, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We may require additional capital to fund our operating
plan past that time. We may seek to obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities, product sales and/or licensing activities. There can be no assurance
that any such efforts to obtain additional capital would be successful. 6 While we continue to pursue strategic alternatives, we plan to focus on developing our automotive lidar module. This would involve introducing
new technology into an emerging market which creates significant uncertainty about our ability to accurately project revenue, costs and cash flows. Our capital requirements will
depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the commercial success of our LBS modules, the rate at which OEMs and ODMs introduce products incorporating our LBS
technology and the market acceptance and competitive position of such products. If revenues are less than we anticipate, if the mix of revenues and the associated margins vary
from anticipated amounts or if expenses exceed the amounts budgeted, we may require additional capital earlier than expected to fund our operations. In addition, our operating
plan provides for the development of strategic relationships with suppliers of components, products and systems, and equipment manufacturers that may require additional
investments by us. Additional capital may not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. Raising additional capital may involve issuing
securities with rights and preferences that are senior to our common stock and may dilute the value of our current shareholders' shares. If adequate capital resources are not
available on a timely basis, we may consider limiting our operations substantially and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. This limitation of operations could include
reducing investments in our research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures which could jeopardize our ability to achieve our business goals or
satisfy our customer requirements. In February 2020, we reduced headcount by approximately 60% following an OEM's decision not to incorporate our technology into its products.
As a result, further cost reduction efforts may be particularly difficult to implement. Qualifying a contract manufacturer or foundry for our products could cause us to experience delays that result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. We rely on single or limited-source suppliers to manufacture our products. Establishing a relationship with a contract manufacturer or foundry is a time-consuming process, as
our unique technology may require significant manufacturing process adaptation to achieve full manufacturing capacity. Accordingly, we may be unable to establish a relationship
with a contract manufacturer at prices or on other terms that are acceptable to us. Changes in our supply chain may result in increased cost and delay and may subject us to risks and uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability
and quality control standards. The loss of any single or limited-source supplier, the failure of any of these suppliers to perform as expected or the disruption in the supply chain of
components from these suppliers could cause significant delays in product deliveries, which may result in lost revenues and damaged customer relationships. To the extent that we
are not able to establish a relationship with a contract manufacturer or foundry in a timely manner, we may be unable to meet contract or production milestones, which could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to secure and retain significant third-party manufacturing resources. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to provide our components and future products in commercial quantities at competitive prices and on schedule. Accordingly, we
will be required to obtain and retain access, through business partners or contract manufacturers, to manufacturing capacity and processes for the commercial production of our
expected future products. Our foreign contract manufacturers could experience severe financial difficulties or other disruptions in their business, and such continued supply could be significantly reduced
or terminated. In addition, we cannot be certain that we will successfully obtain and retain access to needed manufacturing resources concurrent with a significant increase in our
planned production levels. Future manufacturing limitations of our suppliers could constrain the number of products that we are able to develop and produce. We are dependent on third parties in order to develop, manufacture, sell and market products incorporating our LBS technology, scanning modules, and the scanning
module components. Our business strategy for commercializing our technology in products incorporating LBS technology includes entering into development, manufacturing, licensing, sales and
marketing arrangements with OEMs, ODMs and other third parties. These arrangements reduce our level of control over production and distribution and may subject us to risks and
uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, product warranty, product liability and quality control standards. 7 We cannot be certain that we will be able to negotiate arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all, or that these arrangements will be successful in yielding commercially viable
products. If we cannot establish these arrangements, we would require additional capital to undertake such activities on our own and would require extensive manufacturing, sales
and marketing expertise that we do not currently possess and that may be difficult to obtain. In addition, we could encounter significant delays in introducing our LBS technology or find that the development, manufacture or sale of products incorporating our technology
would not be feasible. To the extent that we enter into development, manufacturing, licensing, sales and marketing or other arrangements, our revenues will depend upon the
performance of third parties. We cannot be certain that any such arrangements will be successful. We cannot be certain that our technology system or products incorporating our LBS technology will achieve market acceptance. If our technology system or products
incorporating our technology do not achieve market acceptance, our revenues may not grow. Our success will depend in part on customer acceptance of our LBS technology. Our technology may not be accepted by manufacturers who use lidar sensing and display
technologies in their products, by systems integrators, OEMs, and ODMs who incorporate the scanning module components into their products or by end users of these products.
To be accepted, our LBS technology must meet the expectations of our current and potential customers in the consumer electronics, automotive, and other markets. If our
technology system or products incorporating our LBS technology do not achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to continue to develop our technology. Future products incorporating our LBS technology and scanning modules are dependent on advances in technology by other companies. Our LBS technology will continue to rely on technologies, such as laser diode light sources and other components that are developed and produced by other companies. The
commercial success of certain future products incorporating our LBS technology will depend, in part, on advances in these and other technologies by other companies. We may,
from time to time, contract with and support companies developing key technologies in order to accelerate the development of them for our or our customers' specific uses. There
are no guarantees that such activities will result in useful technologies or products that will be profitable. We are dependent on a small number of customers for our revenue. Our quarterly performance may vary substantially and this variance, as well as general market
conditions, may cause our stock price to fluctuate greatly and potentially expose us to litigation. In 2020, one customer accounted for $3.0 million in revenue, representing 97% of our total revenue. In 2019, one customer accounted for $7.7 million in revenue, representing
86% of our total revenue and a second customer accounted for $1.2 million in revenue, representing 13% of our total revenue. Our customers take time to obtain, and the loss of a
significant customer could negatively affect our revenue. Our quarterly operating results may vary significantly based upon: Market acceptance of products incorporating our LBS technology; Changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; Announcements by other companies in our industry; Changes in business or regulatory conditions; Announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; The status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; Economic and stock market conditions; or Other factors unrelated to our company or industry. In one or more future quarters, our results of operations may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors and the trading price of our common stock may
decline as a consequence. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, shareholders often have instituted securities class action litigation
against that company. If we become involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management and, if adversely determined, could require us to pay substantial damages. 8 We or our customers may fail to perform under open orders or agreements, which could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. We or our customers may be unable to meet the performance requirements and obligations under open orders or agreements, including performance specifications, milestones
or delivery dates, required by such purchase orders or agreements. Furthermore, our customers may be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations thereunder on a timely
basis, or at all if, among other reasons, our products and technologies do not achieve market acceptance, our customers' products and technologies do not achieve market
acceptance or our customers otherwise fail to achieve their operating goals. To the extent we are unable to perform under such purchase orders or agreements or to the extent
customers are unable or unwilling to perform, our operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected. Our stock price has fluctuated in the past, has recently been volatile and may be volatile in the future, and as a result, investors in our common stock could incur substantial
losses. Our stock price has fluctuated in the past, has recently been volatile and may be volatile in the future. During the 12 months prior to the date of this report, our common
stock has traded at a low of $0.15 and a high of $24.18. From the beginning of 2021 through March 9, 2021, our common stock has traded at a low of $4.86 and a high of $24.18.
We may incur rapid and substantial decreases in our stock price in the foreseeable future that are unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. For the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2020, we incurred a loss per share of $(0.10). As a result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investment in our common stock. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many
factors, including the following: investor reaction to our business strategy; the success of competitive products or technologies; any developments with respect to our pursuit of strategic alternatives, including a potential sale or merger of the Company, sale of part of the Company, strategic minority
investment, or licensing and other transactions; the timing and results of our development efforts with respect to our first generation LRL module; changes in regulatory or industry standards applicable to our technologies; variations in our financial and operating results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; developments concerning our collaborations or partners; developments or disputes with any third parties that supply, manufacture, sell or market any of our products; developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our products; actual or perceived defects in any of our products, if commercialized, and any related product liability claims; our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; declines in the market prices of stocks generally; trading volume of our common stock; sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; general economic, industry and market conditions; and other events or factors, including those resulting from such events, or the prospect of such events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues
including health epidemics or pandemics, such as the recent outbreak of COVID-19, and natural disasters such as fire, hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados or other adverse weather
and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United States or elsewhere, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of our suppliers or result in political or economic
instability. Since the stock price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past, has been recently volatile and may be volatile in the future, investors in our common stock could incur
substantial losses. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted
against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management's attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. There can be no guarantee that our stock price will remain at current levels or that future sales of our common stock will not be at prices
lower than those sold to investors. 9 Additionally, securities of certain companies have recently experienced significant and extreme volatility in stock price due to short sellers of shares of common stock, known as
a "short squeeze." These short squeezes have caused extreme volatility in both the stock prices of those companies and in the market, and have led to the price per
share of those companies to trade at a significantly inflated rate that is disconnected from the underlying value of the company. Many investors who have purchased shares in those
companies at an inflated rate face the risk of losing a significant portion of their original investment, as in many cases the price per share has declined steadily as interest in those
stocks have abated. While we have no reason to believe our shares would be the target of a short squeeze, there can be no assurance that we will not be in the future, and you may
lose a significant portion or all of your investment if you purchase our shares at a rate that is significantly disconnected from our underlying value. We may not be able to maintain our listing on The Nasdaq Global Market and it may become more difficult to sell our stock in the public market. Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market. To maintain our listing on this market, we must meet Nasdaq's listing maintenance standards. If we are unable to
continue to meet Nasdaq's listing maintenance standards for any reason, our common stock could be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market. If our common stock were delisted,
we may seek to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, the NYSE American or on a regional stock exchange or, if one or more broker-dealer market makers comply
with applicable requirements, the over-the-counter (OTC) market. Listing on such other market or exchange could reduce the liquidity of our common stock. If our common stock
were to trade in the OTC market, an investor would find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations for the price of, the common stock. A delisting from The Nasdaq Global Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange would subject our common stock to so-called penny stock rules that
impose additional sales practice and market-making requirements on broker-dealers who sell or make a market in such securities. Consequently, removal from The Nasdaq Global
Market and failure to obtain listing on another market or exchange could affect the ability or willingness of broker-dealers to sell or make a market in our common stock and the
ability of purchasers of our common stock to sell their securities in the secondary market. On March 9, 2021, the closing price of our common stock was $14.08 per share. Our lack of financial and technical resources relative to our competitors may limit our revenues, potential profits, overall market share or value. Our products and potential products incorporating our LBS technology will compete with established manufacturers of existing products and companies developing new
technologies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we have. Because of their greater resources, our competitors may
develop products or technologies that may be superior to our own. The introduction of superior competing products or technologies could result in reduced revenues, lower margins
or loss of market share, any of which could reduce the value of our business. Additionally, for a variety of reasons, customers may choose to purchase from suppliers that
have substantially greater financial, technical or other resources than we have. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological change and our financial results may suffer. The automotive lidar and consumer display industries have been characterized by rapidly changing technology, accelerated product obsolescence and continuously evolving
industry standards. Our success will depend upon our ability to further develop our LBS technology system and to cost effectively introduce new products and features in a timely
manner to meet evolving customer requirements and compete with competitors' product advances. We may not succeed in these efforts due to: Delays in product development; Lack of market acceptance for our technology or products incorporating our LBS technology; or Lack of funds to invest in product research, development and marketing. The occurrence of any of the above factors could result in decreased revenues, market share and value of our business. We could face lawsuits related to our use of LBS technology or other technologies. Defending these suits would be costly and time-consuming. An adverse outcome, in any
such matter, could limit our ability to commercialize our technology or products incorporating our LBS technology, reduce our revenues and increase our operating expenses. 10 We are aware of several patents held by third parties that relate to certain aspects of light scanning displays and 3D sensing products. These patents could be used as a basis
to challenge the validity, limit the scope or limit our ability to obtain additional or broader patent rights of our patents. A successful challenge to the validity of our patents could limit
our ability to commercialize our technology or products incorporating our LBS technology and, consequently, materially reduce our revenues. Moreover, we cannot be certain that
patent holders or other third parties will not claim infringement by us with respect to current and future technology. Because U.S. patent applications are held and examined in
secrecy, it is also possible that presently pending U.S. applications will eventually be issued with claims that will be infringed by our products or our technology. The defense and prosecution of a patent suit would be costly and time-consuming, even if the outcome were ultimately favorable to us. An adverse outcome in the defense of a
patent suit could subject us to significant costs, require others and us to cease selling products incorporating our technology, require us to cease licensing our technology or require
disputed rights to be licensed from third parties. Such licenses, if available, would increase our operating expenses. Moreover, if claims of infringement are asserted against our
future co-development partners or customers, those partners or customers may seek indemnification from us for any damages or expenses they incur. If we fail to manage expansion effectively, our revenue and expenses could be adversely affected. Our ability to successfully offer products incorporating LBS technology and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning and
management process. The growth in business and relationships with customers and other third parties has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our
management systems and resources. We will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures, and will need to continue to
train and manage our work force. Following our substantial reduction in headcount in February 2020, the risks associated with strained resources are heightened. If we fail to adequately reduce and control our manufacturing, supply chain and operating costs, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely
affected. We incur significant costs related to procuring components and increasing our production capabilities to manufacture our products. We may experience delays, cost overruns or
other unexpected costs associated with an increase in production. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to reduce and control our manufacturing, supply chain and operating costs
and keep costs aligned with the levels of revenues we generate, our business and financial condition could suffer. Our technology and products incorporating our LBS technology may be subject to future environmental, health and safety regulations that could increase our development
and production costs. Our technology and products incorporating our LBS technology could become subject to future environmental, health and safety regulations or amendments that could
negatively impact our ability to commercialize our technology and products incorporating our LBS technology. Compliance with any such new regulations would likely increase the
cost to develop and produce products incorporating our LBS technology, and violations may result in fines, penalties or suspension of production. If we become subject to any
environmental, health, or safety laws or regulations that require us to cease or significantly change our operations to comply, our business, financial condition and operating results
could be adversely affected. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by worldwide political and economic uncertainties and specific conditions in the markets we address. In the recent past, general worldwide economic conditions have experienced a downturn due to slower economic activity, concerns about inflation, increased energy costs,
decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and adverse business conditions. Any continuation or worsening of the current global economic
and financial conditions could materially adversely affect: (i) our ability to raise, or the cost of, needed capital, (ii) demand for our current and future products, and (iii) our ability to
commercialize products. Additionally, infectious diseases including COVID-19 may cause an unexpected downturn in economic conditions. We cannot predict the timing, strength,
or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery, worldwide, regionally or in the display industry. Because we plan to continue using foreign suppliers, our operating results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other factors in foreign countries. 11 We currently use foreign suppliers and plan to continue to use foreign suppliers to manufacture current and future components and products, where appropriate. These
international operations are subject to inherent risks, which may adversely affect us, including, but not limited to: Political and economic instability; High levels of inflation, historically the case in a number of countries in Asia; Burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws, regulations and sanctions; Foreign taxes and duties; Changes in tariff rates or other trade, tax or monetary policies; and Changes or volatility in currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our suppliers' facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a natural disaster or labor strike, either of which would materially affect our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. A major catastrophe, such as an earthquake, monsoon, flood, infectious disease including the COVID-19 virus, or other natural disaster, labor strike, or work stoppage at our
suppliers' facilities or our customers, could result in a prolonged interruption of our business. A disruption resulting from any one of these events could cause significant delays in
product shipments and the loss of sales and customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If we are unable to obtain effective intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology, we may be unable to compete with other companies. Intellectual property protection for our products, processes and technology is important and uncertain. If we do not obtain effective intellectual property protection for our
products, processes and technology, we may be subject to increased competition. Our commercial success will depend, in part, on our ability, to maintain the proprietary nature of
our LBS technology and other key technologies by securing valid and enforceable patents and effectively maintaining unpatented technology as trade secrets. We protect our proprietary LBS technology by seeking to obtain United States and foreign patents in our name, or licenses to third party patents, related to proprietary
technology, inventions, and improvements that may be important to the development of our business. However, our patent position involves complex legal and factual questions.
The standards that the United States Patent and Trademark Office and its foreign counterparts use to grant patents are not always applied predictably or uniformly and can
change. Additionally, the scope of patents is subject to interpretation by courts and their validity can be subject to challenges and defenses, including challenges and defenses based on
the existence of prior art. Consequently, we cannot be certain as to the extent to which we will be able to obtain patents for our new products and technology or the extent to which
the patents that we already own, protect our products and technology. Reduction in scope of protection or invalidation of our licensed or owned patents, or our inability to obtain new
patents, may enable other companies to develop products that compete directly with ours on the basis of the same or similar technology. We also rely on the law of trade secrets to protect unpatented know-how and technology to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect this know-how and technology
by limiting access to the trade secrets to those of our employees, contractors and partners, with a need-to-know such information and by entering into confidentiality agreements with
parties that have access to it, such as our employees, consultants and business partners. Any of these parties could breach the agreements and disclose our trade secrets or
confidential information, or our competitors might learn of the information in some other way. If any trade secret not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or independently
developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be negatively affected. We could be subject to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly, divert management attention and adversely affect our ability to obtain and
maintain insurance coverage. We could be subject to product liability claims if any of the product applications are alleged to be defective or cause harmful effects. For example, because some of the
scanning modules incorporating our LBS technology could scan a low power beam of colored light into the user's eye, the testing, manufacture, marketing and sale of these products
involve an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against us. 12 Additionally, any misuse of our technology or products incorporating our LBS technology by end users or third parties that obtain access to our technology, could result in
negative publicity and could harm our brand and reputation. Product liability claims or other claims related to our products or our technology, regardless of their outcome, could
require us to spend significant time and money in litigation, divert management time and attention, require us to pay significant damages, harm our reputation or hinder acceptance
of our products. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable
terms. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the
commercialization of our products and our LBS technology. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles, which makes it difficult to plan our expenses and forecast our revenues. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements have long sales cycles that involve numerous steps including determining the product application,
exploring the technical feasibility of a proposed product, evaluating the costs of manufacturing a product or qualifying a contract manufacturer for production. Typically, these
contracts and agreements involve several face-to-face meetings before they conclude. Infectious diseases including COVID-19 may delay face-to-face meetings and closing
contracts and agreements. Our long sales cycle, which can last several years, makes it difficult to predict the quarter in which revenue recognition will occur. Delays in entering into
contracts and collaborative research and development agreements could cause significant variability in our revenues and operating results for any particular period. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements may not lead to any product or any products that will be profitable. Our contracts and collaborative research and development agreements, including without limitation, those discussed in this document, are exploratory in nature and are intended
to develop new types of products for new applications. Our efforts may prove unsuccessful and these relationships may not result in the development of any product or any products
that will be profitable. Our operations could be adversely impacted by information technology system failures, network disruptions, or cyber security breaches. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic data between our employees, our customers and our suppliers. Our systems are
vulnerable to damage or interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but are not limited to, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer
viruses, hacking, or other cyber security issues. Our system redundancy may be inadequate and our disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or insufficient to account for all
eventualities. Additionally, we maintain insurance coverage to address certain aspects of cyber risks. Such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all claims
that may arise, should such an event occur. Loss of any of our key personnel could have a negative effect on the operation of our business. Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel and on the ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel. Achievement of our business
objectives will require substantial additional expertise in the areas of sales and marketing, research and product development and manufacturing. Competition for qualified
personnel in these fields is intense, and the inability to attract and retain additional highly skilled personnel, or the loss of key personnel, could hinder our ability to compete
effectively in the LBS markets and adversely affect our business strategy execution and results of operations. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES In July 2017, we entered into a 65 month facility lease amendment on 31,142 square feet of combined use office, laboratory and manufacturing space at our headquarters facility in
Redmond, Washington. The lease agreement includes extension and rent escalation provisions over the term of the lease. 13 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In March 2019, we filed a Notice of Arbitration in Hong Kong against Ragentek as a result of its failure to perform its obligations under a purchase order with us. During
2019, we reached an agreement with the distributor in our Ragentek contract on the final transaction price of the units shipped to them. As part of the agreement reached in 2019,
we agreed to return $432,000 of the original transaction price to our distributor. During 2020, payments totaling $332,000 were made to the distributor and we settled all claims with
Ragentek and our distributor. Per the terms of the agreement in 2020, the final $100,000 payment to our distributor was no longer required. Upon settlement we dismissed the
arbitration. We are also subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any other legal proceedings that
management believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 4A. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Executive officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until their successors are elected and duly qualified. The following persons serve as executive officers
of MicroVision, Inc.: Sumit Sharma, age 47, was appointed Chief Executive Officer in February 2020 and served as Chief Operating Officer from June 2018 to February 2020, after serving as Vice
President of Product Engineering and Operations since February 2017 and Vice President and Senior Director of Operations since September 2015. Prior to MicroVision, from April
2015 to September 2015, he was a Product Development and Operations consultant at BlueMadison Consulting. From November 2013 to March 2015, he was the Senior Director,
Advanced Manufacturing Operations and Technology Development at Jawbone. From March 2011 to October 2013, he was the Head of Manufacturing Operations for project
GLASS at Google. Mr. Sharma has extensive experience in optics, wearable technology, product development and qualification for automotive industry. Mr. Sharma also has
deep experience in global operations and developing strategic partnerships. A patent holder, Mr. Sharma received his baccalaureate degree in engineering from New Jersey
Institute of Technology. Stephen P. Holt, age 58, joined MicroVision in April 2013 as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to MicroVision, from May 2007 to May 2012, he served
as Chief Financial Officer of PixelOptics, where he played a lead role in bringing the company's first electronic focusing eyewear product to market. At this venture capital-backed
start-up, Mr. Holt raised capital and negotiated strategic partner agreements to license technology in addition to implementing policies and procedures to create an infrastructure
capable of supporting rapid growth while maintaining a strong internal control environment. From March 2006 to April 2007, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Interstate
Distributors, a trucking and transportation services company. From December 2003 to March 2006, he was the Chief Financial Officer of a group of companies consisting of
Activelight, Boxlight, Cinelight and Projector Wholesale Supply. These companies were value-added resellers and distributors of audio-visual and projection equipment. Mr. Holt, a
Certified Management Accountant, holds a B.S. from California State University, Chico and an M.B.A. from Santa Clara University. 14 PART II. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Our common stock began trading publicly on August 27, 1996. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Market under the ticker symbol "MVIS." We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings to fund the operations of our business and do not
anticipate paying dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable future. As of March 9, 2021, there were approximately 115 holders of record of 157,327,415 shares of common stock outstanding. As many of our shares of common stock are held by
brokerages and institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial holders of our common stock represented by these record holders. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview We are developing our 1st generation lidar sensor, which we call Long Range Lidar, for OEM and Tier-1 automotive suppliers to be incorporated into automotive active
collision avoidance systems and autonomous driving vehicles. This product will also be targeted for sales to technology companies focused on Mobility as a Service (MaaS). MaaS
customers are currently major users of automotive lidar sensors.
Though automotive lidar is our priority now, we have developed solutions for Augmented Reality, Interactive Displays, and Consumer Lidars. For the past few years, our strategy has been to sell AR displays or components, Interactive Displays, or Consumer Lidars to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original
design manufacturers (ODMs) for incorporation into their products. However, while we do have a well-known customer for one of these products which generates royalty income,
the volume of sales and resulting royalties from that product are not significant, and we have been unable to secure additional customers to launch one of our products. As discussed above, we plan to focus our attention on strategic alternatives, including a potential sale or merger of the Company, sale of part of the Company, strategic minority
investment, as well as licensing and other transactions. We have incurred substantial losses since inception and expect to incur a significant loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. We have funded operations to date
primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues,
product sales and licensing activities. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available or that, if available, it will be available on terms acceptable to us on a timely
basis. We cannot be certain that we will succeed in commercializing our technology or products. Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to be spread throughout the United States and the
world. The impact from the COVID-19 outbreak is uncertain and may impact our business and results of operations and could impact our financial condition in the future. We are
unable to accurately predict the full impact that COVID-19 may have due to numerous uncertainties, including the severity, duration and spread of the outbreak, and actions that may
be taken by governmental authorities. Several of the suppliers of components in our LBS modules have experienced closures or have been operating at reduced capacity, resulting in lower than planned product
shipments. Continued disruptions to the supply chain could have a material impact on our future operating results. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including related governmental guidance or directives, we are still requiring most office-based employees to work remotely. We may
experience reductions in productivity and disruptions to our 15 business routines while our remote work policy remains in place or if our employees become ill and are unable to work.
This could have an adverse effect on the timing of our development activities, our ability to raise additional capital, our ability to enter into licensing agreements, or our ability to
complete a potential sale or merger of the Company. In April 2020, we received funds in the amount of $1.6 million pursuant to a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the 2020 CARES Act ("PPP")
administered by the Small Business Administration. The loan has an interest rate of 0.98% and a term of 24 months. No payments are due for the first 10 months following the 24-week
covered period, although interest accrues during that period. Thereafter, the loan is repayable in monthly installments over the next 18 months to retire the loan plus accrued
interest. Funds from the loan may only be used for certain purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and a portion of the loan used to pay certain costs may be
forgivable, all as provided by the terms of the PPP. The CARES Act reduces the amount of the PPP loan that may be forgiven if the borrower reduces full-time equivalent employees
during the covered period as compared to a base period. As of December 31, 2020, all of the funds received under the PPP had been used for qualified purposes. We intend to
apply for partial forgiveness of the loan under PPP guidelines. Based on the terms of the PPP, we estimate the amount of the loan that will be forgiven will be approximately
$690,000, subject to approval by our lender in accordance with PPP guidelines. The loan is evidenced by a promissory note, which contains customary events of default relating to,
among other things, payment defaults and breaches of representations and warranties. We may prepay the loan at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Key accounting policies and estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that materially affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. We base our
estimates on historical data, terms of existing contracts, our evaluation of trends in the consumer display and 3D sensing industries, information provided by our current and
prospective customers and strategic partners, information available from other outside sources and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments regarding the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual
results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following key accounting policies require significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. Revenue recognition Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to
receive in exchange for those goods or services. We generate all of our revenue from contracts with customers. Our contract revenue in a particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical
resources to perform work on the contracts. We recognize contract revenue either at a point in time, or over time, depending upon the characteristics of the individual contract. If
control of the deliverable(s) occur over time, the revenue is recognized in proportion to the transfer of control. If control passes to the customer only upon completion and transfer of
the asset, revenue is recognized at the completion of the contract. In contracts that include significant customer acceptance provisions, we recognize revenue only upon acceptance
of the deliverable(s). We identify each performance obligation in our development contracts at contract inception. The contracts generally include product development and customization specified
by the customer. In contracts with multiple performance obligations, we identify each performance obligation and evaluate whether the performance obligations are distinct within
the context of the contract. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for
separately versus together may require significant judgment. Performance obligations that are not distinct at contract inception are combined. If we identify multiple distinct performance obligations, we evaluate each performance obligation to determine if there is a stand-alone selling price.
In instances where stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the stand-alone selling price using information that may 16 include market conditions and other observable inputs. Judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Our development contracts are primarily fixed-fee contracts. If control of deliverables occurs over time, we recognize revenue on fixed fee contracts on the proportion of
total cost expended (under Topic 606, the `input method') to the total cost expected to complete the contract performance obligation. For contracts that require the input method for
revenue recognition, the determination of the total cost expected to complete the performance obligations on fixed fee contracts involves significant judgment. We incorporate
revisions to hour and cost estimates when the causal facts become known. Share-based compensation We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance stock units (PSUs). We account for the
share-based awards by recognizing the fair value of share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures.
The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is determined by the closing price of our common
stock on the grant date. The PSUs are valued using a binomial option pricing model using the following inputs: stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. Changes in
estimated inputs or using other option valuation methods may result in materially different option values and share-based compensation expense. Leases Significant judgment may be required when determining whether a contract contains a lease, the length of the lease term, the allocation of the consideration in a contract
between lease and non-lease components, and the determination of the discount rate included in our office lease. We review the underlying objective of each contract, the terms of
the contract, and consider our current and future business conditions when making these judgments. Income taxes Significant judgment is required in evaluating our tax position and in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation
allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. We record a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
Based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates sufficient uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. Our actual tax
exposure may differ from our estimates and any such differences may impact income our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. The key accounting policies described above are not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a
particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no need for us to apply judgment or make estimates. There are also areas in which
our judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result to our financial statements. Additional information about our accounting policies,
and other disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles, are set forth in the notes to our financial statements. Inflation has not had a material impact on our revenues or income from continuing operations over the three most recent fiscal years. Results of Operations YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019. Product revenue % of | % of
total | total
2020 | revenue | 2019 | revenue | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Product revenue | $ | 1,347 | 43.6 | $ | 5,345 | 60.2 | $ | (3,998) | (74.8) 17 Product revenue is revenue from sales of our products which are LBS modules and their components. Revenue is recognized when control of the goods passes to the
customer. The decrease in product revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily due to reduced product shipments to a major
technology company. Beginning in the third quarter of 2019 and through the end of February 2020, we were selling components to a high definition display system that we
developed for a customer under a development agreement. The volume and resulting revenue and gross profit from this business was fairly low. Therefore, in March 2020 we
transferred production of the components to the customer. Starting in March 2020, we earn a royalty from the customer for each unit shipped. Product revenue in 2019 included $1.2 million related to the sale of display modules that had been produced for Ragentek and delivered to our distributor in 2017. Our
distributor made payments in excess of revenue recognized and Ragentek failed to meet their obligations under the March 2017 order. During 2019, the remaining units held by our
distributor were sold to other customers and we reached an agreement with our distributor on the final transaction price of the units shipped to them. Product revenue backlog at December 31, 2020 and 2019 was zero and $6.7 million, respectively. The December 31, 2019 backlog was primarily due to the production orders
received from a major technology company under the product supply agreement signed in April 2017. The reduction in product backlog was due to the transferring of production to
our customer. License and royalty revenue % of | % of
total | total
2020 | revenue | 2019 | revenue | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
License and royalty revenue | $ | 1,718 | 55.6 | $ | 99 | 1.1 | $ | 1,619 | 1,635.4 License and royalty revenue is revenue under license agreements to our PicoP® scanning technology. We recognize revenue on upfront license fees at a point in time if the
nature of the license granted is a right-to-use license, representing functional intellectual property with significant standalone functionality. If the nature of the license granted is a
right-to-access license, representing symbolic intellectual property, which excludes significant standalone functionality, we recognize revenue over the period of time we have
ongoing obligations under the agreement. We will recognize revenue from sales-based royalties on the basis of the quarterly reports provided by our customer as to the number of
royalty-bearing products sold or otherwise distributed. In the event that reports are not received, we will estimate the number of royalty-bearing products sold by our customers. In March 2020, we entered into an agreement for our customer to take over production of the components we had been producing for them. The agreement provides that,
beginning in March 2020, we will earn a royalty on each component shipped that is approximately equal to the gross profit we would have earned if we continued to produce and
ship the components. The increase in license and royalty revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was primarily due to this
change, moving to a royalty arrangement from recognizing product revenue. Contract revenue % of | % of
total | total
2020 | revenue | 2019 | revenue | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Contract revenue | $ | 25 | 0.8 | $ | 3,442 | 38.7 | $ | (3,417) | (99.3) Contract revenue includes revenue from performance on development contracts and the sale of prototype units and evaluation kits based on our PicoP® scanning module.
Our contract revenue in a particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical
resources to perform work on the contracts. We recognize contract revenue either at a point in time, or over time, depending upon the characteristics of the individual contract. If
control of the deliverable(s) occur over time, the revenue is recognized in proportion to the transfer of control. If control passes to the customer only upon completion 18 and transfer of the asset, revenue is recognized at the completion of the contract. In contracts that include significant customer acceptance provisions, we recognize revenue only upon acceptance
of the deliverable(s). The decrease in contract revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was attributed to decreased contract activity because the
contract with our April 2017 customer was completed in 2019. Our contract backlog, including orders for prototype units and evaluation kits, at December 31, 2020 and 2019 was zero. Cost of product revenue % of | % of
product | product
2020 | revenue | 2019 | revenue | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Cost of product revenue | $ | 1,394 | 103.5 | $ | 6,692 | 125.2 | $ | (5,298) | (79.2) Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect costs of products sold to customers. Direct costs include labor, materials, reserves for estimated warranty
expenses, and other costs incurred directly, or charged to us by our contract manufacturers, in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor, manufacturing
overhead, and other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Manufacturing overhead includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing
material, facility and other costs, and is allocated to cost of product revenue based on the proportion of indirect labor which supported production activities. Cost of product revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the product mix and volume, the level of manufacturing overhead expense and the
volume of direct material purchased. Cost of product revenue was lower during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 due to lower
product shipments to a major technology company and lower inventory write-downs. Inventory write-downs of $168,000 and $2.2 million were recorded in the twelve months ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Cost of contract revenue % of | % of
contract | contract
2020 | revenue | 2019 | revenue | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Cost of contract revenue | $ | 4 | 16.0 | $ | 1,872 | 54.4 | $ | (1,868) | (99.8) Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on contracts and producing prototype units and evaluation kits. Direct costs include
labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in producing prototype units and evaluation kits or performing on a contract. Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated
with operating our research and development department and building our technical capabilities and capacity. Cost of contract revenue is determined by the level of direct and
indirect costs incurred, which can fluctuate substantially from period to period. The decrease in the cost of contract revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was attributed to reduced activity on the April
2017 development contract because the contract was completed in 2019. Research and development expense 2020 | 2019 | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Research and development expense | $ | 9,840 | $ | 18,661 | $ | (8,821) | (47.3) Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal research and product development activities,
direct material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and other operating expenses. We assign our research and
development resources based on the business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made to our
customers. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to further develop our scanning technology. 19 The decrease in research and development expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was attributable to reduced personnel-related
compensation and benefits expenses and lower direct materials and subcontractor costs. Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense 2020 | 2019 | $ change | % change
(In thousands)
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | $ | 5,917 | $ | 8,133 | $ | (2,216) | (27.2) Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense includes compensation and support costs for marketing, sales, management and administrative staff, and for other
general and administrative costs, including legal and accounting services, consultants and other operating expenses. The decrease in sales, marketing, general and administrative expense during the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period in 2019 was attributed to lower
personnel-related compensation and benefits expenses and lower professional and outside services costs. At the end of 2020 there were no sales or marketing personnel with the
Company. Income taxes No provision for income taxes has been recorded because we have experienced net losses from inception through December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2020, we had net
operating loss carryforwards of approximately $396.6 million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and development tax credits of $8.8 million.
During 2020, $28.4 million federal net operating losses expired unused. A majority of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits available to offset
future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2021 to 2040, if not previously used. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by certain combinations of our shareholders during any three-year period
would result in a limitation on our ability to use a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2020 or at
December 31, 2019. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants, the
issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, product sales, and licensing activities. At December 31, 2020, we had $16.9 million in
cash and cash equivalents. Based on our current operating plan and including $61.4 million received in 2021 under At-the-Market equity offering agreements with Craig-Hallum Capital Group, we anticipate
that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We may require additional capital to fund our operating plan past that time.
We may obtain additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities, and/or licensing activities. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us
or, if available, will be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting our
operations substantially. This limitation of operations could include further reductions in our research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures. Operating activities Cash used in operating activities totaled $16.1 million during 2020, compared to $24.0 million in 2019. Cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from cash used to
fund our net loss, after adjusting for non-cash charges such as share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities.
The changes in cash used in operating activities were primarily attributed to reduced operating expenses and the timing of 20 payments received from customers during the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the year ended December 31, 2019. Investing activities Cash provided by investing activities totaled $123,000 in 2020, compared to cash used in investing activities of $745,000 in 2019. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we sold fixed assets to our customer for $525,000 as part of our agreement with them to take over
production of the components we had been producing. Purchases of property and equipment during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were $402,000 and
$745,000, respectively. Financing activities Cash provided by financing activities totaled $27.0 million in 2020, compared to $16.9 million in 2019. Principal payments under finance leases were $29,000 in 2020 and
$20,000 in 2019. The following is a list of our financing activities during 2020 and 2019. In December 2020, we entered into a $13.0 million At-the-Market (ATM) equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum
Capital Group (Craig-Hallum). Under the agreement we may, from time to time, at our discretion offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $13.0
million through Craig-Hallum. As of December 31, 2020, we had issued 1.0 million shares for net proceeds of $6.1 million that was received in January 2021. The $6.1 million
is not included in the cash balance as of December 31, 2020. In November 2020, we entered into a $10.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. As of December 31, 2020, we
had completed sales under such sales agreement, having sold 4.9 million shares for net proceeds of $9.6 million. In April 2020, we received funds in the amount of $1.6 million pursuant to a loan under the PPP administered by the Small Business Administration. The loan has an interest
rate of 0.98% and a term of 24 months. As of September 30, 2020, all of the funds received under the PPP had been used for qualified purposes. We intend to apply for partial
forgiveness of the loan under PPP guidelines. Based on the terms of the PPP, we estimate the amount of the loan that will be forgiven will be approximately $690,000, subject to
approval by our lender pursuant to PPP guidelines. In December 2019, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park granting us the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value
of up to $16.0 million. Under the terms of the agreement, Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of 1.5 million shares of common stock for $1.0 million at a purchase price of $0.6531
per share. Subject to various limitations and conditions set forth in the agreement, we were able to sell up to an additional $15.0 million in shares of common stock, from time to
time, at our sole discretion to Lincoln Park over a 24-month period beginning December 2019. In consideration for entering into the agreement, we issued 375,000 shares of our
common stock, having a value of $277,000, based on the closing stock price at the date of grant, to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee. We incurred an additional $90,000 in
issuance costs. As of December 31, 2020, we had completed sales under such sales agreement, having sold 22.2 million shares for net proceeds of
$15.6 million. In July 2019, we raised $2.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $24,000 through a registered direct offering of 3.0 million shares of our common stock to a private
investor. In April 2019, we raised $2.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $34,000 through a registered direct offering of 2.3 million shares of our common stock to a private
investor. In April 2019, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park granting us the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up
to $11.0 million. As of December 31, 2019, we had issued 15.7 million shares and raised a total of $11.0 million under this agreement. No further shares are available for sale
under this agreement. In January 2019, we raised $1.2 million before issuance costs of approximately $26,000 through a registered direct offering of 2.0 million shares of our common stock to a
private investor. In addition to the $6.1 million received in January 2021 for the 1.0 million shares of common stock that were issued in December 2020 under the ATM equity offering
agreement with Craig-Hallum, we have raised an additional $55.3 million in 2021. Please see Note 17 Subsequent Events for additional details. 21 Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, the rate at which OEMs and ODMs introduce products incorporating our LBS technology and
the market acceptance and competitive position of such products. Our ability to raise capital will depend on numerous factors, including the following: Perceptions of our ability to continue as a going concern; Market acceptance of products incorporating our LBS technology; Changes in evaluations and recommendations by any securities analysts following our stock or our industry generally; Announcements by other companies in our industry; Changes in business or regulatory conditions; Announcements or implementation by our competitors of technological innovations or new products; The status of particular development programs and the timing of performance under specific development agreements; Economic and stock market conditions; The cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; Our ability to establish cooperative development, joint venture and licensing arrangements; or Other factors unrelated to our company or industry. If we are successful in establishing OEM or ODM co-development and joint venture arrangements, we expect our partners to fund certain non-recurring engineering costs for
technology development and/or for product development. Nevertheless, we expect our capital requirements to remain high as we expand our activities and operations with the
objective of commercializing our LBS technology. Contractual obligations The following table lists our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2020 (in thousands): Payments Due By Period
‹ 1 year | 1-3 years | 3-5 years | > 5 years | Total
Contractual Obligations
Open purchase obligations * | $ | 701 | $ | 138 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 839
Minimum payments under finance leases | 35 | 46 | - | - | 81
Minimum payments under operating leases | 676 | 871 | - | - | 1,547
Minimum payments under long-term liabilities | 445 | 1,158 | - | - | 1,603
$ | 1,857 | $ | 2,213 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 4,070 * Open purchase obligations represent commitments to purchase materials, capital equipment, maintenance
agreements and other goods used in the normal operation of our business. + License and royalty obligations continue through the lives of the underlying patents, which is currently through at least 2024. Recent accounting pronouncements See Note 2, "Summary of significant accounting policies," in the Notes to the financial statements found in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate and Market Liquidity Risks As of December 31, 2020, all of our cash and cash equivalents have variable interest rates. Therefore, we believe our exposure to market and interest rate risks is not
material. 22 Our investment policy generally directs that the investment managers should select investments to achieve the following goals: principal preservation, adequate liquidity, and
return. As of December 31, 2020, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-term highly rated money market savings accounts. The values of cash and cash
equivalents as of December 31, 2020, are as follows (in thousands): Amount | Percent
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 16,862 | 100 | %
Less than one year | - | -
$ | 16,862 | 100 | % Foreign Exchange Rate Risk Our major contract and collaborative research and development agreements, product sales, and licensing activity payments are currently made in U.S. dollars. However, in
the future we may enter into contracts or collaborative research and development agreements in foreign currencies that may subject us to foreign exchange rate risk. We have
entered into purchase orders and supply agreements in foreign currencies in the past and may enter into such arrangements, from time to time, in the future. We believe our
exposure to currency fluctuations related to these arrangements is not material. We may enter into foreign currency hedges to offset material exposure to currency fluctuations
when we can adequately determine the timing and amounts of the exposure. 23 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | 25
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 | 26
Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 | 27
Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 | 28
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 | 29
Notes to Financial Statements | 30 24 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of MicroVision, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of MicroVision, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related statements of operations,
shareholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of
its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ Moss Adams LLP Seattle, Washington March 15, 2021 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012. 25 MicroVision, Inc. Balance Sheets (In thousands) December 31,
2020 | 2019
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 16,862 | $ | 5,837
Accounts receivable | - | 1,079
Inventory | - | 192
Other current assets | 698 | 729
Total current assets | 17,560 | 7,837
Property and equipment, net | 1,883 | 1,849
Operating lease right-of-use asset | 946 | 1,308
Restricted cash | 435 | 435
Intangible assets, net | 164 | 221
Other assets | 18 | 186
Total assets | $ | 21,006 | $ | 11,836
Liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficit)
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 630 | $ | 1,871
Accrued liabilities | 495 | 2,045
Deferred revenue | - | 21
Contract liabilities | 7,765 | 9,755
Other current liabilities | - | 83
Current portion of long-term debt | 431 | -
Current portion of operating lease liability | 676 | 656
Current portion of finance lease obligations | 31 | 25
Total current liabilities | 10,028 | 14,456
Long-term debt, net of current portion | 1,151 | -
Operating lease liability, net of current portion | 774 | 1,348
Finance lease obligations, net of current portion | 44 | 9
Total liabilities | 11,997 | 15,813
Commitments and contingencies (Note 13)
Shareholders' equity (deficit)
Preferred stock, par value $0.001; 25,000 shares authorized; zero and
zero shares issued and outstanding, respectively | - | -
Common stock, par value $0.001; 210,000 shares authorized;
152,926 and 125,803 shares issued and outstanding at December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively | 153 | 126
Additional paid-in capital | 601,224 | 568,496
Subscriptions receivable | (6,135) | -
Accumulated deficit | (586,233) | (572,599)
Total shareholders' equity (deficit) | 9,009 | (3,977)
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficit) | $ | 21,006 | $ | 11,836 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 26 MicroVision, Inc. Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Product revenue | $ | 1,347 | $ | 5,345
License and royalty revenue | 1,718 | 99
Contract revenue | 25 | 3,442
Total revenue | 3,090 | 8,886
Cost of product revenue | 1,394 | 6,692
Cost of contract revenue | 4 | 1,872
Total cost of revenue | 1,398 | 8,564
Gross profit | 1,692 | 322
Research and development expense | 9,840 | 18,661
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 5,917 | 8,133
Gain on disposal of fixed assets | (450) | -
Total operating expenses | 15,307 | 26,794
Loss from operations | (13,615) | (26,472)
Other expense, net | (19) | (11)
Net loss | $ | (13,634) | $ | (26,483)
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.10) | $ | (0.24)
Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 139,829 | 111,297 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 27 MicroVision, Inc. Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) (In thousands) Additional | Total
Common Stock | paid-in | Subscriptions | Accumulated | shareholders'
Shares | Par value | capital | receivable | deficit | equity (deficit)
Balance at December 31, 2018 | 100,105 | $ | 100 | $ | 550,133 | $ | - | $ | (546,116) | $ | 4,117
Share-based compensation expense | 822 | 1 | 1,613 | - | - | 1,614
Sales of common stock | 24,876 | 25 | 16,750 | - | - | 16,775
Net loss | - | - | - | - | (26,483) | (26,483)
Balance at December 31, 2019 | 125,803 | 126 | 568,496 | - | (572,599) | (3,977)
Share-based compensation expense | 201 | - | 1,252 | - | - | 1,252
Exercise of options | 693 | 1 | 999 | - | - | 1,000
Sales of common stock | 26,229 | 26 | 30,477 | (6,135) | - | 24,368
Net loss | - | - | - | - | (13,634) | (13,634)
Balance at December 31, 2020 | 152,926 | $ | 153 | $ | 601,224 | $ | (6,135) | $ | (586,233) | $ | 9,009 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 28 MicroVision, Inc. Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss | $ | (13,634) | $ | (26,483)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations:
Depreciation and amortization | 963 | 1,649
Impairment of intangible assets | - | 160
Impairment of property and equipment | - | 434
Gain on disposal of property and equipment | (450) | -
Share-based compensation expense | 1,297 | 1,569
Non-cash interest expense | 11 | -
Inventory write-downs | 168 | 2,203
Change in:
Accounts receivable | 1,079 | (603)
Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts | - | 987
Inventory | 24 | (1,286)
Other current and non-current assets | 154 | 1,911
Accounts payable | (1,387) | (268)
Accrued liabilities | (1,550) | (3,379)
Deferred revenue | (21) | 21
Contract liabilities and other current liabilities | (2,073) | (316)
Operating lease liabilities | (656) | (642)
Net cash used in operating activities | (16,075) | (24,043)
Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds on sale of property and equipment | 525 | -
Purchases of property and equipment | (402) | (745)
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | 123 | (745)
Cash flows from financing activities
Principal payments under finance leases | (29) | (20)
Proceeds from long-term debt | 1,571 | -
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock | 25,435 | 16,879
Net cash provided by financing activities | 26,977 | 16,859
Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash | 11,025 | (7,929)
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period | 6,272 | 14,201
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period | $ | 17,297 | $ | 6,272
Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities
Issuance of common stock for subscriptions receivable | $ | 6,135 | $ | -
Property and equipment acquired under finance leases | $ | 70 | $ | -
Non-cash additions to property and equipment | $ | 116 | $ | 37
Issuance of common stock for commitment fee | $ | - | $ | 535
The following table provides a reconciliation of the cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash balances as of
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019:
Year Ended December 31,
2020 | ` | 2019
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 16,862 | $ | 5,837
Restricted cash | 435 | 435
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | $ | 17,297 | $ | 6,272 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 29 MicroVision, Inc. Notes to Financial Statements For the year ended December 31, 2020 1. THE COMPANY AND LIQUIDITY MicroVision, Inc. is developing a lidar sensor to be used in automotive safety and autonomous driving applications. Our lidar sensor uses our pioneering laser beam scanning
(LBS) technology. Our LBS technology is based on our patented expertise in systems that include micro-electrical mechanical systems (MEMS), laser diodes, opto-mechanics,
electronics, algorithms and software, and how those elements are packaged into a small form factor. Our lidar sensor also utilizes edge computing and machine intelligence as part of the solutions.
Though automotive lidar is our priority now, we have developed solutions for Augmented Reality, Interactive Displays, and Consumer Lidars. For the past few years, our strategy been to sell AR displays or components, Interactive Displays, or Consumer Lidars to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and original
design manufacturers (ODMs) for incorporation into their products. However, while we do have a well-known customer for one of these products which generates royalty income,
the volume of sales and resulting royalties from that product are not significant, and we have been unable to secure additional customers to launch one of our products. As a result,
since February 2020, we have focused our attention on strategic alternatives, including a potential sale or merger of the Company, sale of part of the Company, strategic minority
investment, as well as licensing and other transactions. While we continue to pursue strategic alternatives, we plan to focus on increasing the value of the Company by completing development of our 1st Generation LRL module to a
level that would be ready to scale in the market. We believe our technology and designs for automotive lidar can be successful in the market, and our solutions will have features
and performance that exceed those of competitors and will provide a sustainable strategic advantage in the market. We have incurred significant losses since inception. We have funded our operations to date primarily through the sale of common stock, convertible preferred stock, warrants,
the issuance of convertible debt and, to a lesser extent, from development contract revenues, product sales and licensing activities. Since 2010, there has been substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. On October 8, 2020, we filed a Certificate of Amendment (the "Certificate of Amendment") to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State
of the State of Delaware to increase the authorized number of shares of our capital stock to 235,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) 210,000,000 shares of common stock, $.001 par
value and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $.001 par value. The Certificate of Amendment was effective upon the filing thereof with the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware. In late 2020 and early 2021, the share price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market has increased dramatically. With the availability of authorized shares of
common stock, we have been able to raise net proceeds of $12.7 million through the issuance 2.1 million shares of our common stock and $48.7 million through the issuance of 2.5
million shares of our common stock, in January 2021 and February 2021, respectively, under the terms of At-the-Market (ATM) offering agreements with Craig-Hallum Capital Group
(Craig-Hallum). As a result of our recent financing activities, there is no longer substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. At December 31, 2020, we had $16.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Based on our current operating plan and
including $61.4 million received in 2021 under ATM equity offering agreements with Craig-Hallum, we anticipate that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to fund our
operations for at least the next 12 months. While we continue to pursue strategic alternatives, we may require additional capital to fund our operating plan past that time. We may
seek additional capital through the issuance of equity or debt securities, and/or licensing activities. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us or, if
available, will be available on terms acceptable to us or on a timely basis. If adequate capital resources are not available on a timely basis, we intend to consider limiting our
operations substantially. This limitation of operations could include further reductions in our research and development projects, staff, operating costs, and capital expenditures. 30 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from our estimates. We have identified the following areas where estimates and assumptions have been made
in preparing the financial statements: revenue recognition, inventory valuation, valuation of share-based payments, income taxes, depreciable lives assessment and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Cash and cash equivalents and fair value of financial instruments Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair
value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering
such assumptions, the authoritative guidance establishes a three level fair value inputs hierarchy, and requires an entity to maximize the use of observable valuation inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs. We use market data, assumptions and risks we believe market participants would use in measuring the fair value of the asset or liability,
including the risks inherent in the inputs and the valuation techniques. Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying value of our financial instruments
approximates fair value due to their short maturities. Our cash equivalents are comprised of short-term highly rated money market savings accounts. Intangible assets Our intangible assets consist exclusively of purchased patents. The patents are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of benefit, ranging from one
to seventeen years. Intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability
of these assets is measured by comparison of their carrying values to the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related intangible assets or group of assets over
their remaining lives. Measurement of an impairment loss for our intangible assets is based on the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying value. Property and equipment Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets (two to five years) using the straight-line method. Our property and
equipment may include assets related to future product lines. As our production needs change, we periodically assess the remaining estimated useful life of our production
equipment. If necessary, we adjust the depreciation on our production equipment to reflect the remaining estimated useful life. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the
shorter of estimated useful lives or the lease term. Costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred and expenditures for major improvements are capitalized
at cost. Gains or losses on the disposition of assets are reflected in the income statements at the time of disposal. Restricted cash As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, restricted cash was in money market savings accounts and serve as collateral for $435,000 in irrevocable letters of credit. The restricted
cash balance includes a letter of credit which is outstanding in connection with a lease agreement for our corporate headquarters building in Redmond, Washington. The balance is
required over the term of the lease, which expires in March 2023. Leases We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. On our balance sheet, our office lease is included in Operating lease right-of-use (ROU) asset, Current portion of
operating lease liability and Operating lease liability, net of current portion. On our balance sheet, finance leases are included in Property and equipment, Current portion of finance
lease obligations and Finance lease obligations, net of current portion. 31 ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. For leases that do not
provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We
use the implicit rate when readily determinable. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Significant judgment may be required when determining whether a contract contains a lease, the length of the lease term, the allocation of the consideration in a contract
between lease and non-lease components, and the determination of the discount rate included in our office lease. We review the underlying objective of each contract, the terms of
the contract, and consider our current and future business conditions when making these judgments. Revenue recognition The following is a description of principal activities from which we generate revenue. Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services are
transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We generate all of our revenue from
contracts with customers. We evaluate contracts based on the 5-step model as stated in Topic 606 as follows: (i) identify the contract, (ii) identify the performance obligations, (iii) determine the
transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. A contract contains a promise (or promises) to transfer goods or services to a customer. A performance obligation is a promise (or a group of promises) that is distinct, as
defined in the revenue standard. The transaction price is the amount of consideration an entity expects to be entitled to from a customer in exchange for providing the goods or services. A number of factors
should be considered to determine the transaction price, including whether there is variable consideration, a significant financing component, noncash consideration, or amounts
payable to the customer. The determination of variable consideration will require a significant amount of judgment. In estimating the transaction price we will use either the
expected value method or the most likely amount method. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations in the contract based on relative standalone selling prices. Determining the relative standalone selling
price can be challenging when goods or services are not sold on a standalone basis. The revenue standard sets out several methods that can be used to estimate a standalone
selling price when one is not directly observable. Allocating discounts and variable consideration must also be considered. Allocating the transaction price can require significant
judgement on our part. Revenue is recognized when (or as) the customer obtains control of the good or service/performance obligations are satisfied. Topic 606 provides guidance to help determine if
a performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time or over time. Where a performance obligation is satisfied over time, the related revenue is also recognized over time. Product revenue We sell our products to customers under a contract or by purchase order. We consider the sale of each individual item to be one performance obligation. The transaction
price is generally either at stated product price per quantity or at a fixed amount at contract inception. Revenue is recognized under Topic 606 when the product is shipped to the
customer because control passes to the customer at the point of shipment. Our product sales generally include acceptance provisions, however, because we generally can
objectively determine that we have met agreed-upon customer specifications prior to shipment, control of the item passes at the time of shipment. License and royalty revenue We recognize revenue on upfront license fees at a point in time if the nature of the license granted is a right-to-use license, representing functional intellectual property with
significant standalone functionality. If the nature of the license granted is a right-to-access license, representing symbolic intellectual property, which excludes significant standalone
functionality, we recognize revenue over the period of time we have ongoing obligations under the 32 agreement. We will recognize revenue from sales-based royalties on the basis of
the quarterly reports provided by our customer as to the number of royalty-bearing products sold or otherwise distributed. In the event that reports are not received, we will estimate
the number of royalty-bearing products sold by our customers. Contract revenue Our contract revenue in a particular period is dependent upon when we enter into a contract, the value of the contracts we have entered into, and the availability of technical
resources to perform work on the contracts. We recognize contract revenue either at a point in time, or over time, depending upon the characteristics of the individual contract. If
control of the deliverable(s) occur over time, the revenue is recognized in proportion to the transfer of control. If control passes to the customer only upon completion and transfer of
the asset, revenue is recognized at the completion of the contract. In contracts that include significant customer acceptance provisions, we recognize revenue only upon acceptance
of the deliverable(s). We identify each performance obligation in our development contracts at contract inception. The contracts generally include product development and customization specified
by the customer. In contracts with multiple performance obligations, we identify each performance obligation and evaluate whether the performance obligations are distinct within
the context of the contract. Performance obligations that are not distinct at contract inception are combined. Our development contracts are primarily fixed-fee contracts. If control of deliverables occurs over time, we recognize revenue on fixed fee contracts on the proportion of total
cost expended (under Topic 606, the `input method') to the total cost expected to complete the contract performance obligation. For contracts that require the input method for
revenue recognition, the determination of the total cost expected to complete the performance obligations on fixed fee contracts involves significant judgment. We incorporate
revisions to hour and cost estimates when the causal facts become known. Cost of product revenue Cost of product revenue includes the direct and allocated indirect costs of products sold to customers. Direct costs include labor, materials, reserves for estimated warranty
expenses, and other costs incurred directly, or charged to us by our contract manufacturers in the manufacture of these products. Indirect costs include labor, manufacturing
overhead, and other costs associated with operating our manufacturing capabilities and capacity. Manufacturing overhead includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing
material, facility and other costs, and is allocated to cost of product revenue based on the proportion of indirect labor which supported production activities. The cost of product
revenue can fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the product mix and volume, the level of manufacturing overhead expense and the volume of direct material
purchased. Cost of contract revenue Cost of contract revenue includes both the direct and allocated indirect costs of performing on contracts and producing prototype units and evaluation kits based on our
PicoP® scanning module. Direct costs include labor, materials and other costs incurred directly in producing prototype units and evaluation kits or performing on a contract.
Indirect costs include labor and other costs associated with operating our research and development department and building our technical capabilities and capacity. Cost of
contract revenue is determined by the level of direct and indirect costs incurred, which can fluctuate substantially from period to period. Our overhead, which includes the costs of procuring, inspecting and storing material, and facility and depreciation costs, is allocated to inventory, cost of product revenue, cost
of contract revenue, and research and development expense based on the level of effort supporting production or research and development activity. Concentration of credit risk and major customers and suppliers Concentration of credit risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk are primarily cash equivalents and accounts receivable. We typically do not require collateral
from our customers. As of December 31, 2020, our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of short-term highly rated money market savings accounts. 33 Concentration of major customers and suppliers In 2020, one customer accounted for $3.0 million in revenue, representing 97% of our total revenue. In 2019, one customer accounted for $7.7
million in revenue, representing 86% of our total revenue and a second customer accounted for $1.2 million in revenue, representing 13% of our total revenue. A significant concentration of our components and the products we sell are currently manufactured and obtained from single or limited-source
suppliers, which are primarily located in foreign countries. The loss of any single or limited-source supplier, the failure of any of these suppliers to perform as expected, or the
disruption in the supply chain of components from these suppliers could subject us to risks and uncertainties regarding, but not limited to, increased cost of sales, possible loss of
revenues, or significant delays in product deliveries, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Income taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of the assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible
amounts in the future, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is recorded for the amount of income tax payable for the
period increased or decreased by the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the period. Net loss per share Basic net loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. Net loss per share, assuming dilution, is
calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and the dilutive effect of all potentially dilutive securities, including common stock equivalents and
convertible securities. Net loss per share, assuming dilution, is equal to basic net loss per share because the effect of dilutive securities outstanding during the periods, including
options and warrants computed using the treasury stock method, is anti-dilutive. The components of basic and diluted net loss per share were as follows (in thousands, except loss per share data): Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Numerator:
Net loss available for common shareholders | $ | (13,634) | $ | (26,483)
Denominator:
Weighted-average common shares outstanding | 139,829 | 111,297
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.10) | $ | (0.24) During each of the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we excluded the following securities from net loss per share as the effect of including them would have been anti-
dilutive. The shares shown represent the number of shares of common stock which would be issued upon conversion in the respective years shown below (in thousands): Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Options outstanding | 3,281 | 5,104
Nonvested restricted stock units | 1,982 | 1,215
5,263 | 6,319 Research and development Research and development expense consists of compensation related costs of employees and contractors engaged in internal research and product development activities,
direct material to support development programs, laboratory operations, outsourced development and processing work, and other operating expenses. We assign our research and
development resources based on the business opportunity of the available projects, the skill mix of the resources available and the contractual commitments we have made to our
customers. Research and development costs are 34 expensed as incurred. We believe that a substantial level of continuing research and development expense will be required to further develop our technology. Share-based compensation We issue share-based compensation to employees in the form of stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance stock units (PSUs). We account for the
share-based awards by recognizing the fair value of share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the service period of the award, net of estimated forfeitures.
The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is determined by the closing price of our common
stock on the grant date. The PSUs are valued using a binomial option pricing model using the following inputs: stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. Changes in
estimated inputs or using other option valuation methods may result in materially different option values and share-based compensation expense. The following table summarizes the amount of share-based compensation expense by line item on the Statement of Operations (in thousands): Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Cost of product revenue | $ | - | $ | 26
Research and development expense | 699 | 379
Sales, marketing, general and administrative expense | 598 | 1,209
$ | 1,297 | $ | 1,614 Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year financial statements to conform to classifications used in the current year. These reclassifications had no impact on
net loss, shareholders' equity or cash flows, as previously reported. Recent accounting pronouncements In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2019-12 (ASU 2019-12) Simplifying the Accounting for Income
Taxes. The amendments in this update simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740, Income Taxes. The
amendments also improve consistent application of and simplify generally accepted accounting principles for other areas of Topic 740 by clarifying and amending existing guidance.
The new guidance will be effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect
that the adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our financial statements. 3. REVENUE RECOGNITION The following is a description of principal activities from which we generate revenue. Revenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or
services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those goods or services. We generate all of our
revenue from contracts with customers. We evaluate contracts based on the 5-step model as stated in Topic 606 as follows: (i) identify the contract, (ii) identify the performance obligations, (iii) determine the
transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. A contract contains a promise (or promises) to transfer goods or services to a customer. A performance obligation is a promise (or a group of promises) that is distinct, as
defined in the revenue standard. The transaction price is the amount of consideration an entity expects to be entitled to from a customer in exchange for providing the goods or services. A number of factors
should be considered to determine the transaction price, including whether there is variable consideration, a significant financing component, noncash consideration, or amounts
payable to the customer. The determination of variable consideration will require a significant amount of judgment. In estimating the transaction price we will use either the
expected value method or the most likely amount method. 35 The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations in the contract based on relative standalone selling prices. Determining the relative standalone selling
price can be challenging when goods or services are not sold on a standalone basis. The revenue standard sets out several methods that can be used to estimate a standalone
selling price when one is not directly observable. Allocating discounts and variable consideration must also be considered. Allocating the transaction price can require significant
judgement on our part. Revenue is recognized when (or as) the customer obtains control of the good or service/performance obligations are satisfied. Topic 606 provides guidance to help determine if
a performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time or over time. Where a performance obligation is satisfied over time, the related revenue is also recognized over time. Disaggregation of revenue The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue by timing of revenue recognition, (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2020
License and
Product | royalty | Contract
revenue | revenue | revenue | Total
Timing of revenue recognition:
Products transferred at a point in time | $ | 1,347 | $ | 1,718 | $ | 4 | $ | 3,069
Product and services transferred over time | - | - | 21 | 21
Total | $ | 1,347 | $ | 1,718 | $ | 25 | $ | 3,090 Year Ended December 31, 2019
License and
Product | royalty | Contract
revenue | revenue | revenue | Total
Timing of revenue recognition:
Products transferred at a point in time | $ | 5,345 | $ | 99 | $ | 178 | $ | 5,622
Product and services transferred over time | - | - | 3,264 | 3,264
Total | $ | 5,345 | $ | 99 | $ | 3,442 | $ | 8,886 Contract balances The following table provides information about receivables, contract assets, and contract liabilities from contracts with customers (in thousands): December 31,
2020 | 2019
Accounts receivable, net | $ | - | $ | 1,079
Accrued liabilities | - | 432
Deferred revenue | - | 21
Contract liabilities | 7,765 | 9,755 Under Topic 606, our rights to consideration are presented separately depending on whether those rights are conditional or unconditional. We present our unconditional rights
to consideration as "accounts receivable" in our Balance Sheet. 36 Contract assets represent rights to consideration that are subject to a condition other than the passage of time and will be comprised primarily of costs and estimated profits in
excess of billings on uncompleted contracts and estimated accrued sales-based royalty revenue. Contract liabilities in the table below are presented as contract liabilities, deferred revenue, and a portion of accrued liabilities on the balance sheet. Significant changes in the
contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the period are as follows (in thousands, except percentages): December 31, | December 31,
2020 | 2019 | $ Change | % Change
Contract assets | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | -
Contract liabilities | (7,765) | (10,208) | 2,443 | 23.9
Net contract assets (liabilities) | $ | (7,765) | $ | (10,208) | $ | 2,443 | 23.9 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we applied $2.0 million against the contract liability with our April 2017 customer. During 2019, we reached an agreement with the distributor in our Ragentek contract on the final transaction price of the units shipped to them. As part of the agreement reached
in 2019, we agreed to return $432,000 of the original transaction price to our distributor and the amount was included in accrued liabilities at December 31, 2019. During the year
ended December 31, 2020, payments totaling $332,000 were made to the distributor. In 2020, we settled all claims with Ragentek and our distributor. Per the terms of the
agreement, the final $100,000 payment to our distributor was no longer required. As a result, we recognized $100,000 of product revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020
as an adjustment to the transaction price of products previously transferred to our customer. Contract acquisition costs We are required to capitalize certain contract acquisition costs consisting primarily of commissions paid when contracts are signed. We currently do not pay any
commissions upon the signing of a contract; therefore, no commission cost has been incurred as of December 31, 2020. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations The following table includes estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied at
the end of the reporting period. The $10.0 million upfront payment received from a major technology company is being recognized as revenue as component sales are transferred to
the customer. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we recognized $2.0 million and $245,000, respectively, of the $10.0 million contract liability. We expect to
apply an additional $3.2 million in 2021, and this amount is included in revenue below. Because there is uncertainty about the timing of the application of the remainder of the
contract liability, it has been excluded from future estimated revenue in the table below. The $7.8 million contract liability is classified as a current liability on our balance sheet. Due
to the uncertainty of the timing, it is possible that recognition of revenue may extend beyond the next twelve months. The following table provides information about the estimated
timing of revenue recognition (in thousands): 2021 | 2022
License and royalty revenue | $ | 3,222 | $ | - Adoption of the standards related to revenue recognition had no impact to cash from or used in operating, investing, or financing activities on our statements of cash flows. 4. LONG-TERM CONTRACTS In April 2017, we signed a contract with a major technology company to develop an LBS display system. Under the agreement, we received an upfront
payment of $10.0 million in 2017 and, as of December 31, 2019, had also received $15.0 million, net of early payment discounts, representing all payment due for development work. The 37 original contract was for $14.0 million in fees for development work, but we and our customer agreed to add $1.1 million in additional work to total $15.1 million. After
applying early payment discounts, we recognized revenue of $15.0 million in development fees over time based on the proportion of total cost expended (under Topic 606, the "input
method") to the total cost expected to complete the contract performance obligation. For the year ended December 31, 2019, we recognized $2.9 million of contract revenue from
development fees on this agreement. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, the $10.0 million upfront payment was being recognized as revenue at the point in time that component sales were sold to the major
technology customer. In March 2020, we entered into an agreement for our customer to take over production of the components we had been producing for them. The agreement
provides that, beginning in March 2020, we will earn a royalty on each component shipped that is approximately equal to the gross profit we would have earned if we continued to
produce and ship the components. Under the new arrangement, the royalties earned will be applied against the remaining $7.8 million prepayment that we had previously received
from the customer until the prepayment is exhausted. 5. LONG-TERM DEBT In April 2020, we received funds in the amount of $1.6 million pursuant to a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the 2020 CARES Act
("PPP") administered by the Small Business Administration. The loan has an interest rate of 0.98% and a term of 24 months. No payments are due for the first 10 months following
the 24-week covered period, although interest accrues during that period. Thereafter, the loan is repayable in monthly installments over the next 18 months to retire the loan plus
accrued interest. Funds from the loan may only be used for certain purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and a portion of the loan used to pay certain costs may be
forgivable, all as provided by the terms of the PPP. The loan is evidenced by a promissory note, which contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, payment
defaults and breaches of representations and warranties. We may prepay the loan at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. As of December 31, 2020, all of the funds received under the PPP had been used for qualified purposes. We intend to apply for partial forgiveness of the loan under PPP
guidelines. Based on the terms of the PPP, we plan to apply for forgiveness of approximately $690,000, subject to approval by our lender in accordance with PPP guidelines. 6. INVENTORY Inventory consists of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2020 | 2019
Raw materials | $ | - | $ | -
Finished goods | - | 192
$ | - | $ | 192 We recorded inventory write-downs of $168,000 in 2020 and $2.2 million in 2019. 7. ACCRUED LIABILITIES Accrued liabilities consists of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2020 | 2019
Bonuses | $ | - | $ | 201
Payroll and payroll taxes | 361 | 425
Compensated absences | - | 448
Warranty | 49 | 38
Prepayments from customers | - | 432
Other | 85 | 501
$ | 495 | $ | 2,045 38 8. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment consists of the following (in thousands): December 31,
2020 | 2019
Production equipment | $ | 7,210 | $ | 6,969
Leasehold improvements | 913 | 913
Computer hardware and software/lab equipment | 6,226 | 6,165
Office furniture and equipment | 1,345 | 1,345
15,694 | 15,392
Less: Accumulated depreciation | (13,811) | (13,543)
$ | 1,883 | $ | 1,849 Depreciation expense was $442,000 in 2020 and $1.1 million in 2019. 9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS Our intangible assets consist exclusively of technology-based purchased patents. The gross book value of our intangible assets was $951,000 in the years ended December
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization expense was $57,000 in 2020 and $105,000 in 2019. In 2019, we recorded an impairment amounting to $160,000 on 52 patents that
we elected not to renew, and one patent abandoned in prosecution. The following table outlines our estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets held at
December 31, 2020 (in thousands): Years Ended December 31, | Amount
2021 | $ | 49
2022 | 40
2023 | 32
2024 | 22
2025 | 14
Thereafter | 7
$ | 164 10. COMMON STOCK In December 2020, we entered into a $13.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum.
Under the agreement we may, from time to time, at our discretion offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $13.0
million through Craig-Hallum. As of December 31, 2020, we had issued 1.0 million shares for net proceeds of $6.1 million that was received in
January 2021. The $6.1 million is classified as subscriptions receivable on our December 31, 2020 balance sheet and
is not included in the cash balance as of December 31, 2020. In November 2020, we entered into a $10.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Under the agreement we were able to, from time to time, at
our discretion offer and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $10.0 million through Craig-Hallum. As of December 31, 2020, we had completed sales
under such sales agreement, having sold 4.9 million shares for net proceeds of $9.6 million. In December 2019, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park granting us the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value
of up to $16.0 million. Under the terms of the agreement, Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of 1.5 million shares of common stock for $1.0 million at a purchase price of $0.6531
per share. Subject to various limitations and conditions set forth in the agreement, we were able to sell up to an additional $15.0 million in shares of common stock, from time to
time, at our sole discretion to Lincoln Park over a 24-month period beginning December 2019. In consideration for entering into the agreement, we issued 375,000 shares of our
common stock, having a value of $277,000, based on the closing stock price at the date of grant, to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee. We incurred an additional $90,000 in
issuance costs. As of December 31, 2020, we had completed sales under such sales agreement, having sold 22.2 million shares for net proceeds of $15.6 million. In July 2019, we raised $2.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $24,000 through a registered direct offering of 3.0 million shares of our common stock to a private
investor. 39 In April 2019, we raised $2.0 million before issuance costs of approximately $34,000 through a registered direct offering of 2.3 million shares of our common stock to a private
investor. In April 2019, we entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park granting us the right to sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up
to $11.0 million. Under the terms of the agreement, Lincoln Park made an initial purchase of $1.0 million in shares of common stock at a purchase price of $0.98 per share. Subject
to various limitations and conditions set forth in the agreement, we were able to sell up to an additional $10.0 million in shares of common stock, from time to time, at our sole
discretion to Lincoln Park over a 24-month period beginning April 2019. In consideration for entering into the agreement, we issued 250,000 shares of our common stock, having a
value of $258,000, based on the closing stock price at the date of grant, to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee. We incurred an additional $92,000 in issuance costs. As of
December 31, 2019, we had issued 15.7 million shares and raised a total of $11.0 million under this agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. In January 2019, we raised $1.2 million before issuance costs of approximately $26,000 through a registered direct offering of 2.0 million shares of our common stock to a
private investor. 11. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION We use the straight-line attribution method to allocate the fair value of share-based compensation awards over the requisite service period for each award. The valuation of
and accounting for share-based awards includes a number of complex and subjective estimates. These estimates include, but are not limited to, the future volatility of our stock
price, future stock option exercise behaviors, estimated employee turnover, and award forfeiture rates. Description of Incentive Plan Our 2020 Incentive Plan has 17.3 million shares authorized, of which 8.1 million shares were available for awards as of December 31, 2020. Options Valuation Methodology and Assumptions We use the Black-Scholes option valuation model to determine the fair value of options granted and use the closing price of our common stock as the fair market value of our
stock on that date. We consider historical stock price volatilities, volatilities of similar companies and other factors in determining estimates of future volatilities. We use historical lives, including post-termination exercise behavior, as the basis for estimating expected lives. Risk-free rates are based on the U.S. Treasury Yield Curve, as published by the U.S. Treasury. The following table summarizes the weighted-average valuation assumptions and weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the periods shown
below: Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Assumptions (weighted-average)
Volatility | 111% | 78%
Expected term (in years) | 4.0 | 4.0
Risk-free rate | 0.3% | 1.9%
Expected dividends | 0.0% | 0.0%
Pre-vest forfeiture rate | 8.5% | 8.5%
Grant date fair value of options granted | $ | 1.20 | $ | 0.37 40 Options Activity and Positions The following table summarizes activity and positions with respect to options for the periods shown below (in thousands): Weighted-average
remaining | Aggregate
Weighted-average | contractual | intrinsic
Options | Shares | exercise price | term (in years) | value
Outstanding as of December 31, 2018 | 4,646 | $ | 2.27 | 7.0 | $ | -
Granted | 1,636 | 0.65 | - | -
Exercised | - | - | - | -
Forfeited or expired | (1,178) | 2.66 | - | -
Outstanding as of December 31, 2019 | 5,104 | 1.66 | 7.4 | 122
Granted | 68 | 1.60 | - | -
Exercised | (693) | 1.44 | - | -
Forfeited or expired | (1,198) | 2.20 | - | -
Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 | 3,281 | $ | 1.51 | 6.6 | $ | 12,784
Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2020 | 3,193 | $ | 1.53 | 6.5 | $ | 12,379
Exercisable as of December 31, 2020 | 2,086 | $ | 1.86 | 5.6 | $ | 7,413 No options were exercised during the year ended December 31, 2019. The total grant date fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was $604,000 and $801,000, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, our
unrecognized share-based compensation was $376,000 related to options, which we plan to amortize over the next 1.2 years. In 2020, we issued 111,000 RSUs as new hire grants to non-executive employees. These shares were valued based on the closing price of our common stock on the dates of
grant. These shares vest on the earlier of a change of control of the Company or the one-year anniversary of the grant date. In June 2020, we issued 1.2 million RSUs to non-executive employees for retention purposes. These shares were valued based on the closing price
of our common stock on the date of grant. These shares vest on the earlier of a change of control of the Company or the one-year anniversary of the grant date. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we issued 384,751 vested RSUs to our executives in lieu of cash for payment of short-term incentive bonuses earned in 2018. On May 22, 2019, we issued 195,000 PSUs to our executive officers. The performance criteria for PSUs issued in May 2019 is the achievement of the Company's share price of
$2.50 sustained for 60 of trailing 90 days before the PSUs are earned ("Earned PSUs"). To the extent the PSUs become Earned PSUs, the PSUs shall be eligible
to vest as to one-third (1/3) of the PSUs subject to the Award on the each of the first three (3) anniversaries of May 22, 2019. If there are outstanding but unearned PSUs as of a
vesting date and the PSUs become Earned PSUs prior to the next vesting date the Earned PSUs that would have vested on any earlier vesting date shall become immediately
vested and deliverable. The PSUs are valued using a binomial option pricing model using the following inputs: stock price, volatility, and risk-free interest rates. We also issued 475,000 stock options to our executives on May 22, 2019, that vest one-third on each of the first three anniversaries of May 22, 2019. On May 19, 2020 and May 22, 2019, we issued 120,000 and 180,000 RSUs, respectively, to members of the board, vesting ownership in the RSUs on the earlier of the day prior
to the date of the Company's annual meeting of shareholders following the date of grant, or one year from the grant date, provided the member of the board continues to serve as a
director on the vesting date. On November 11, 2019 we issued 163,734 RSUs to the members of the board in lieu of the annual cash fee. The members of the board vest
ownership in the RSUs immediately. As of December 31, 2020, our unrecognized share-based compensation related to the RSUs was $751,000 which we plan to amortize over the next 0.5 years. As of December
31, 2020, our unrecognized share-based compensation related to the PSUs was $5,000, which we plan to amortize over the next 1.0 years. 41 12. LEASES In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 (ASU 2016-02), Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize a ROU asset and
lease liability in the balance sheet for all leases, including operating leases, with terms of more than twelve months. Recognition, measurement and presentation of expenses and
cash flows from a lease by a lessee have not significantly changed from previous guidance. The amendments also require qualitative disclosures along with specific quantitative
disclosures. We adopted this guidance using the cumulative-effect adjustment method on January 1, 2019, meaning we did not restate prior periods.
Current year financial information is presented under the guidance in Topic 842, while prior year information will continue to be presented under Topic 840.
Adoption of the standard resulted in the recognition of an operating ROU asset of approximately $1.6 million, a lease liability of approximately $2.5 million, and a reduction in
other short-term and long-term liabilities of $873,000. Adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on our Statement of Operations or Statement of Cash flows.
Accounting for our finance leases remains substantially unchanged. We lease our office space and certain equipment under finance and operating leases. Our leases have remaining lease terms of one to three years. Our office space lease
contains an option to extend the lease for one period of five years. This extension period is not included in our ROU asset or lease liability amounts. Our office lease agreement
includes both lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. Our finance leases contain options to purchase the leased property. The depreciable life of
assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term, unless we are reasonably certain to exercise the purchase option. The components of lease expense were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2020 | 2019
Operating lease expense | $ | 464 | $ | 464
Finance lease expense:
Amortization of leased assets | 26 | 15
Interest on lease liabilities | 3 | 6
Total finance lease expense | 29 | 21
Total lease expense | $ | 493 | $ | 485 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2020 | 2019
Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows from operating leases | $ | 656 | $ | 642
Operating cash flows from finance leases | 3 | 6
Financing cash flows from finance leases | 29 | 20
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations:
Operating leases | $ | - | $ | 1,638 42 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: December 31,
(in thousands) | 2020 | 2019
Operating leases
Operating lease right-of-use assets | $ | 946 | $ | 1,308
Current portion of operating lease liability | 676 | 656
Operating lease liability, net of current portion | 774 | 1,348
Total operating lease liabilities | $ | 1,450 | $ | 2,004
Finance leases
Property and equipment, at cost | $ | 112 | $ | 66
Accumulated depreciation | (28) | (25)
Property and equipment, net | $ | 84 | $ | 41
Current portion of finance lease obligations | $ | 31 | $ | 25
Finance lease obligations, net of current portion | 44 | 9
Total finance lease liabilities | $ | 75 | $ | 34
Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
Operating leases | 2.3 years | 3.3 years
Finance leases | 2.0 years | 1.4 years
Weighted Average Discount Rate
Operating leases | 6.0% | 6.0%
Finance leases | 6.3% | 13.8% As of December 31, 2020, maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: Operating | Finance
(in thousands) | leases | leases
Years Ended December 31,
2021 | $ | 676 | $ | 35
2022 | 696 | 25
2023 | 175 | 21
2024 | - | -
Thereafter | - | -
Total minimum lease payments | 1,547 | 81
Less: amount representing interest | (97) | (6)
Present value of lease liabilities | $ | 1,450 | $ | 75 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Litigation In March 2019, we filed a Notice of Arbitration in Hong Kong against Ragentek as a result of its failure to perform its obligations under a purchase order with us. During 2019, we
reached an agreement with the distributor in our Ragentek contract on the final transaction price of the units shipped to them. As part of the agreement reached in 2019, we agreed
to return $432,000 of the original transaction price to our distributor. During 2020, payments totaling $332,000 were made to the distributor and we settled all claims with Ragentek
and our distributor. Per the terms of the agreement in 43 2020, the final $100,000 payment to our distributor was no longer required. Upon settlement we dismissed the arbitration. We are subject to various claims and pending or threatened lawsuits in the normal course of business. We are not currently party to any legal proceedings that management
believes are reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 14. INCOME TAXES A provision for income taxes has not been recorded for 2020 and 2019 due to the valuation allowances placed against the net operating losses and deferred tax assets arising
during such periods. A valuation allowance has been recorded for all deferred tax assets. Based on our history of losses since inception, the available objective evidence creates
sufficient uncertainty regarding the realizability of the deferred tax assets. The effective tax rate of our provision (benefit) for income taxes differs from the Federal statutory rate as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Statutory rate | 21.0% | 21.0%
Net operating loss expiration | (47.5)% | (14.7)%
Tax credits | 2.2% | 2.8%
Change in valuation allowance | 24.3% | (9.1)%
Total | 0.0% | 0.0% Deferred tax assets are summarized as follows (in thousands): December 31,
2020 | 2019
Deferred tax assets
Reserves | $ | 647 | $ | 610
Net operating loss carryforwards | 83,289 | 85,282
R&D credit carryforwards | 8,836 | 9,047
Depreciation/amortization deferred | 15,862 | 16,978
Other | 5,773 | 5,808
Net deferred taxes before valuation allowance | 114,407 | 117,725
Less: Valuation allowance | (114,407) | (117,725)
Deferred tax assets | $ | - | $ | - At December 31, 2020, we have net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $396.6 million for federal income tax reporting purposes. In addition, we have research and
development tax credits of $8.8 million. During 2020, $28.4 million federal net operating losses and $512,000 general business credits expired unused. A majority of the net
operating loss carryforwards and research and development credits available to offset future taxable income, if any, will expire in varying amounts from 2021 to 2040, if not
previously used. Certain net operating losses arise from the deductibility for tax purposes of compensation under nonqualified stock options equal to the difference between the fair value of the
stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price of the options. For financial reporting purposes, the tax effect of this deduction, when recognized, is accounted for as an income
tax benefit. In certain circumstances, as specified in the Internal Revenue Code, a 50% or more ownership change by certain combinations of our shareholders during any three year period
would result in limitations on our ability to use a portion of our net operating loss carryforwards. 44 We did not have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2020 or 2019. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 we did not recognize
any interest or penalties. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and Oregon. Due to our operating loss and credit carryforwards, the U.S. federal statute of limitations remains open for
1998 and onward. 15. RETIREMENT SAVINGS PLAN We have a retirement savings plan that qualifies under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). The plan covers all qualified employees. Contributions to the plan are made at
the discretion of our Board of Directors. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 we contributed $213,000 and $393,000 to the plan, respectively. 16. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited) The following table summarizes our unaudited quarterly financial information for the periods shown below (in thousands, except per share data): Fiscal Year 2020
December 31, | September 30, | June 30, | March 31,
Revenue | $ | 395 | $ | 639 | $ | 587 | $ | 1,469
Gross profit | 395 | 639 | 588 | 70
Net loss | (3,570) | (2,826) | (2,304) | (4,934)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted | (0.02) | (0.02) | (0.02) | (0.04)
Fiscal Year 2019
December 31, | September 30, | June 30, | March 31,
Revenue | $ | 4,605 | $ | 1,190 | $ | 1,240 | $ | 1,851
Gross profit | 1,179 | (882) | (583) | 608
Net loss | (3,284) | (6,141) | (8,990) | (8,068)
Net loss per share, basic and diluted | (0.03) | (0.05) | (0.08) | (0.08) For the quarter ended December 31, 2019, net loss included a reversal of previously accrued bonuses in the amount of $770,000. 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENT In January 2021, we issued 1.1 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of $6.6 million under the December 2020 ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum.
In January 2021, we also received $6.1 million for the 1.0 million shares of common stock that were issued in December 2020. In total, we have issued 2.1 million shares of our
common stock for net proceeds of $12.7 million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. In February 2021, we entered into a $50.0 million ATM equity offering agreement with Craig-Hallum. Under the agreement we were able, at our discretion, to offer and sell
shares of our common stock having an aggregate value of up to $50.0 million through Craig-Hallum. We have issued 2.5 million shares of our common stock for net proceeds of
$48.7 million under this ATM agreement. No further shares are available for sales under this agreement. 45 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE There have been no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting or financial disclosure matters during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) evaluated our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), prior to the filing of this Form 10-K.
Based upon that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. (b) Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was effective as of December 31, 2020. (c) Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. (d) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31,
2020 which has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 4A. The information required by this Item 10
of Form 10-K and not provided in Item 4A will be included under the caption "Discussion of Proposals Recommended by the Board" in our 2021 Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. Our 2021 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC prior to our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K will be included under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation," and "Director Compensation for 2020" in our 2021 Proxy Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. 46 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Information as of December 31, 2020, regarding equity compensation plans approved and not approved by shareholders is summarized in the following table (in thousands, except per share data): Equity Compensation Plan Information
Number of | Number of securities
securities to be | Weighted- | remaining available for
issued upon | average exercise | further issuance under
exercise of | price of | equity compensation
outstanding | outstanding | plans (excluding
options, warrants | options, warrants | securities reflected in
and rights | and rights | column (a))
Plan Category | (a) | (b) | (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders | 3,281 | $ | 1.51 | 8,133
Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders | - | - | -
Total | 3,281 | 8,133 The other information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K will be included under the caption "Information about MicroVision Common Stock Ownership" in our 2021 Proxy Statement
and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K will be included under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" and
"Board Meetings and Committees" in our 2021 Proxy Statement and are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K will be included under the caption "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in
our 2021 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV. ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (A) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 1. Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 Statements of Shareholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 Notes to Financial Statements 47 2. Financial Statement Schedules Schedule II MicroVision, Inc. Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves Schedule (In thousands) Additions
Balance at | Charges | Charges | Balance
beginning of | to costs and | to other | at end of
Year Ended December 31, | fiscal period | expenses | accounts | Deductions | fiscal period
2019
Tax valuation allowance | $ | 115,313 | $ | 2,412 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 117,725
2020
Tax valuation allowance | $ | 117,725 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | (3,318) | $ | 114,407 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or because the information required is included in the financial statements and
notes thereto. 48 3. Exhibits The following exhibits are referenced or included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibit Number | Description
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc., as amended. (2)
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. (4)
3.3 | Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. dated June 7, 2018. (6)
3.4 | Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MicroVision, Inc. dated October 8, 2020. (8)
3.5 | Bylaws of MicroVision, Inc. (5)
4.1 | Form of Specimen Stock Certificate for Common Stock. (1)
4.2 | Description of Common Stock (filed herewith) .
10.1 | 2020 MicroVision, Inc. Incentive Plan, as amended. (9)*
10.2 | Third Amendment to Lease Agreement between BRE WA Office Owner, LLC and MicroVision, Inc., dated July 25, 2017. (7)
10.3 | Change of Control Severance Plan. (3)*
10.4 | Employment Agreement between MicroVision, Inc. and Perry Mulligan dated November 21, 2017. (7)*
10.5 | At-the-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and between MicroVision, Inc. and Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC. (filed herewith) .
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Moss Adams LLP .
31.1 | Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .
31.2 | Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .
32.1 | Principal Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .
32.2 | Principal Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 .
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment to Form S-3 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-102244. (2) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2009. (3) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. (4) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2012. (5) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2013. (6) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Amendment No. 2 to Form S-1 Registration Statement, Registration No. 333-222857. (7) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. (8) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020. (9) Incorporated by reference to the Company's Form S-8 filed on October 9, 2020. * Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 49 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. MICROVISION, INC.
Date: March 15, 2021 | By | /s/ Sumit Sharma Sumit Sharma Chief Executive Officer and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the following capacities on March 15, 2021. Signature | Title
/s/ Sumit Sharma Sumit Sharma | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Stephen P. Holt Stephen P. Holt | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Simon Biddiscombe Simon Biddiscombe | Director
/s/ Robert P. Carlile Robert P. Carlile | Director
/s/ Judy Curran Judy Curran | Director
/s/ Yalon Farhi Yalon Farhi | Director
/s/ Seval Oz Seval Oz | Director
/s/ Mark Spitzer Mark Spitzer | Director
/s/ Brian V. Turner Brian V. Turner | Director 50