S-3 1 d638211ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1, 2018 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MICROVISION, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6244 185 th Avenue NE, Suite 100 Redmond, WA 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of
registrant’s principal executive offices) David J.
Westgor Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary MicroVision, Inc. 6244
185 th Avenue NE, Suite 100 Redmond, Washington 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Please send copies of all communications to: Joel F. Freedman Ropes & Gray LLP Prudential Tower 800
Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 (617) 951-7000 Approximate date of
commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effectiveness of the registration statement. If the only securities
being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box: ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment
plans, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act
registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration
statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or
additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☒
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of Securities Act. ☐ CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered | Amount to be Registered (1)(2) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price (1)(2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1)(2) | Amount of Registration Fee (3)
Common Stock; Preferred Stock; Warrants (4)(5) | $60,000,000 | — | $60,000,000 | $7,272 (6) (1) | There are being registered under this registration statement such indeterminate number of shares of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock and of Preferred Stock of the Registrant as shall have an aggregate offering price not to exceed $60,000,000. Any securities registered under this registration statement may be sold separately or as units with other securities registered under this registration statement. The proposed maximum offering prices per security or unit will be determined, from time to time, by the Registrant in connection with the issuance of the securities registered under this registration statement. (2) | Not specified with respect to each class of securities to be registered pursuant to General Instruction II.D. of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. (3) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. (4) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of Preferred Stock as may from time to time be issued (i) at indeterminate prices or (ii) upon conversion or exercise of Warrants registered hereunder, to the extent any such Warrants are, by their terms, convertible into or exercisable for Preferred Stock, respectively. (5) | Including such indeterminate number of shares of Common Stock as may from time to time be issued (i) at indeterminate prices or (ii) upon conversion or exercise of Preferred Stock or Warrants registered hereunder, to the extent any of such Warrants or shares of Preferred Stock are, by their terms, convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock, respectively. (6) | The Registrant previously paid a registration fee of $7,470 in connection with a withdrawn registration statement on Form S-3 originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 17, 2017 (File No. 333-221647) (the “Withdrawn S-3”). The Withdrawn S-3 was not declared effective and no securities were sold thereunder. Pursuant to Rule 457(p) under the Securities Act, the Registrant hereby offsets the full registration fee previously paid in connection with the Withdrawn S-3 against the full registration fee that is currently due in connection with this filing. The Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become
effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where
the offer or sale is prohibited. Subject to Completion November 1, 2018 PROSPECTUS $60,000,000 MicroVision, Inc. Common Stock Preferred
Stock Warrants We may sell
from time to time up to $60,000,000 of our common stock, preferred stock, or warrants in one or more transactions. We will provide
specific terms of these securities and offerings in supplements to this prospectus. You should read this prospectus and any supplement carefully before you invest. Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “MVIS.” On October 31, 2018, the closing price of our
common stock on The Nasdaq Global Market was $1.08 per share. The
securities offered in this prospectus involve a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the information under the heading “ Risk Factors ” set forth herein on page 1 and in our filings made with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in determining whether to purchase our securities. Our executive offices are located at 6244 185 th Avenue NE, Suite 100, Redmond,
Washington 98052, and our telephone number is (425) 936-6847. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
RISK FACTORS | 1
THE COMPANY | 2
USE OF PROCEEDS | 2
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 2
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 3
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 4
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 5
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 5
LEGAL MATTERS | 6
EXPERTS | 6 Table of Contents NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and is subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Such
statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, as well as
assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” and similar
expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. These forward-looking statements
are not guarantees of future performance. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements include the following: our ability to raise additional capital when needed; market
acceptance of our technologies and products, and for products incorporating our technologies; the failure of our commercial partners to perform as expected under our agreements; our ability to identify parties interested in paying any amounts or
amounts we deem desirable for the purchase or license of intellectual property assets; our or our customers’ failure to perform under open purchase orders; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability
to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards and to develop
partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches and delays in product development; the ability to achieve key technical milestones in key products; dependence on third parties to develop, manufacture, sell and market our
products; potential product liability claims; and other factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” below, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. These factors are not intended to represent a
complete list of the general or specific factors that may affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, now or in the future, and the factors set forth in this
prospectus may affect us to a greater extent than indicated. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in or incorporated into
this prospectus. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the specific risks set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, each as amended or supplemented, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as the same may be amended, supplemented
or superseded by our subsequent quarterly or annual reports or other filings, including filings after the date hereof, with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. The risks and uncertainties we describe are not the only ones
facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer.
In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 1 Table of Contents THE COMPANY MicroVision, Inc. is a pioneer in laser beam scanning (LBS) technology that we market under our brand name PicoP ® . We have developed our proprietary PicoP ® scanning technology that can be adopted by our customers to create high-resolution
miniature projection and three-dimensional sensing and image capture solutions. PicoP ® scanning technology is based on our patented expertise in micro-electrical mechanical systems
(MEMS), laser diodes, opto-mechanics, and electronics and how those elements are packaged into a small form factor, low power scanning engine that can display, interact and sense, depending on the needs of the application. For display, the engine
can project a high-quality image on any surface for use in pico projection and augmented or virtual reality. For sensing, we use infrared (IR) lasers to capture three-dimensional data in the form of a point cloud. Interactivity uses the 3D sensing
function and the display function to project an image that the user could then interact with as one would a touch screen. Our strategy
includes selling LBS engines to original design manufacturers (ODMs) and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). We plan to offer three scanning engines to support a wide array of applications: a small form factor display engine for consumer
products, an interactive scanning engine for smart Internet of Things (IoT) products, and a light detection and ranging (LiDAR) engine for consumer electronic applications. We also are developing LiDAR for automotive collision avoidance systems. In addition to selling modules, we have licensed our patented
PicoP ® scanning technology to other companies for incorporation into their scanning engines for projection. We sell our licensees key components needed to produce their laser scanning
engines and/or license our technology in exchange for a royalty fee for each scanning engine they sell. Companies to whom we license our PicoP ® scanning technology are typically ODMs or
OEMs who are in the business of making components or products ready for sale to end users. To date, we have primarily focused on the consumer electronics market, however, we believe that our LBS technology creates a platform that could support
multiple applications and markets including medical, industrial and automotive. While we are optimistic about our technology and the
potential for future revenues, we have incurred substantial losses since inception and we expect to incur a significant loss during the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018. USE OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we anticipate that the net proceeds from the sale of the securities
offered under this prospectus will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, but are not limited to, working capital and capital expenditures. The prospectus supplement relating to specific sales of our securities hereunder will set
forth our intended use for the net proceeds we receive from the sales. Pending the application of the net proceeds, we expect to invest the proceeds in investment-grade, interest-bearing instruments or other securities. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK Our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes us to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, and
25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share. As of October 30, 2018, there were 93,073,343 shares of common stock, and no shares of preferred stock, outstanding. Common Stock. All outstanding common stock is, and any stock issued under this prospectus will be, duly authorized, fully paid and
nonassessable. Subject to the rights of the holders of our outstanding preferred stock, holders of common stock: • | are entitled to any dividends validly declared; • | will share ratably in our net assets in the event of a liquidation; and • | are entitled to one vote per share. 2 Table of Contents The common stock has no conversion rights. Holders of common stock have no preemption,
subscription, redemption, or call rights related to those shares. American Stock Transfer & Trust Company is the transfer agent
and registrar for our common stock. Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by the
shareholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation
preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of our common stock and the likelihood that such
holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of MicroVision, which could depress the market price of our common stock. If we offer preferred stock,
the terms of that series of preferred stock will be set forth in the prospectus supplement relating to that series. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock, warrants or units of any
combination of the foregoing securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a warrant agreement all as set forth in the prospectus supplement or term sheet relating to the warrants offered hereby. A copy of the form of warrant agreement,
including any form of warrant certificates representing the warrants, reflecting the provisions to be included in the warrant agreements and/or warrant certificates that will be entered into with respect to particular offerings of warrants, will be
filed as an exhibit to a Form 8-K to be incorporated into the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part prior to the issuance of any warrants. The applicable prospectus supplement or term sheet will describe the terms of the warrants offered thereby, any warrant agreement relating to
such warrants and the warrant certificates, including but not limited to the following: • | the offering price or prices; • | the aggregate amount of securities that may be purchased upon exercise of such warrants and minimum number of warrants that are exercisable; • | the number of securities, if any, with which such warrants are being offered and the number of such warrants being offered with each security; • | the date on and after which such warrants and the related securities, if any, will be transferable separately; • | the amount of securities purchasable upon exercise of each warrant and the price at which the securities may be purchased upon such exercise, and events or conditions under which the amount of securities may be subject to adjustment; • | the date on which the right to exercise such warrants shall commence and the date on which such right shall expire; • | the circumstances, if any, which will cause the warrants to be deemed to be automatically exercised; • | any material risk factors, if any, relating to such warrants; • | the identity of any warrant agent; and • | any other terms of such warrants. Prior to the exercise of any warrants, holders of such warrants will not have any rights of holders of the securities purchasable upon such
exercise, including the right to receive payments of dividends, if any, on the securities purchasable upon such exercise, statutory appraisal rights or the right to vote such underlying securities. Prospective purchasers of warrants should be aware that material U.S. federal income tax, accounting and other considerations may be
applicable to instruments such as warrants. 3 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION General. We may sell the securities offered hereby directly to one or more purchasers, through agents, or through underwriters or
dealers designated from time to time. The distribution of securities may be effected from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed price or prices (which may be changed from time to time), at market prices prevailing at the times of sale,
at prices related to these prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including: • | the terms of the securities to which such prospectus supplement relates; • | the name or names of any underwriters, if any; • | the purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale; • | any underwriting discounts and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; and • | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. Underwriters named in the prospectus supplement, if any, are only underwriters of the securities offered with the prospectus supplement. Sales Directly to Purchasers. We may enter into agreements directly with one or more purchasers. Such agreements may provide for
the sale of securities at a fixed price, based on the market price of the securities or otherwise. Use of Underwriters and Agents .
If underwriters are used in the sale of securities, they will acquire the securities for their own accounts and may resell them from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the
time of sale. The securities may be offered to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters without a syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all
the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change from time to time. Securities may be sold directly to or through agents from time to time. Any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities will be
named and any commissions paid to the agent will be described in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, any agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. Agents or underwriters may
be authorized to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities at the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a
specified date in the future. The conditions to these contracts and the commissions paid for solicitation of these contracts will be described in the prospectus supplement. We may engage in “at the market” offerings only of our common
stock. An “at the market” offering is defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act as an offering of equity securities into an existing trading market for outstanding shares of the same class at other than a fixed price. Deemed Underwriters. In connection with the sale of the securities offered with this prospectus, underwriters, dealers or agents
may receive compensation from us or from purchasers of the securities for whom they may act as agents, in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. The underwriters, dealers or agents which participate in the distribution of the securities
may be deemed to be underwriters under the Securities Act and any discounts or commissions received by them and any profit on the resale of the securities received by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions under the
Securities Act. Anyone deemed to be an underwriter under the Securities Act may be subject to statutory liabilities, including Sections 11, 12 and 17 of the Securities Act and Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange
Act. Indemnification and Other Relationships . We may provide agents and underwriters with indemnification against certain civil
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to such liabilities. Agents and underwriters may engage in transactions with, or perform
services for, us in the ordinary course of business. 4 Table of Contents Listing of Securities. Except as indicated in the applicable prospectus
supplement, the securities offered hereby are not expected to be listed on a securities exchange or market, except for the common stock, which is currently listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, and any underwriters or dealers will not be obligated to
make a market in securities. We cannot predict the activity or liquidity or any trading in the securities. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we file
at the SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information. Our SEC
filings are also available to the public from the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. INCORPORATION OF
CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we file with them, which
means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, and the information that we file later with the SEC will
automatically update and supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the time that all
securities covered by this prospectus have been sold; provided, however, that we are not incorporating any information furnished under any of Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 (including exhibits furnished under Item 9.01 in connection with
information furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01) of any current report on Form 8-K: • | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on February 23, 2018; • | Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2018, June 30, 2018 and September 30, 2018 filed with the SEC on May 10, 2018, August 1, 2018 and October 26, 2018, respectively; • | Our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 20, 2018, as amended and supplemented by the additional definitive proxy soliciting materials on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on April 20, 2018 and May 18, 2018; • | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2018 and June 7, 2018; and • | The description of our common stock set forth in Amendment No. 1 to our registration statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-5276-LA), including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description, as incorporated by reference in our registration statement on Form 8-A (Registration No. 0-21221). We also specifically incorporate by reference any documents filed by us with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of the initial filing of this registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of this registration statement. You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: MicroVision, Inc. 6244 185th
Avenue NE, Suite 100 Redmond, Washington 98052 Attention: Investor Relations (425) 936-6847 5 Table of Contents This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. You
should rely only on the information or representations provided in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not
permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front of the document. LEGAL MATTERS For the purpose of this offering, Ropes & Gray LLP, Boston, Massachusetts, is giving its opinion on the validity of the securities
offered hereby. EXPERTS Our consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, have been audited by Moss Adams LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is
incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of such firm (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph regarding a going
concern emphasis) given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. 6 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Distribution The following table sets forth the estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the sale and distribution of the securities registered
hereby, other than underwriting discounts or commissions. All amounts are estimates except for the SEC registration fee. SEC Registration Fee | $ | 7,272
Blue Sky Fees and Expenses | *
Legal Fees and Expenses | *
Printing Expenses | *
Accounting Fees and Expenses | *
Miscellaneous | *
Total Expenses | $ | * * | These fees will be calculated at the time of sale and cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is
a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the
fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney’s fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith
and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful.
Section 145 further provides that a corporation similarly may indemnify any such person serving in any such capacity who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the
right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the
corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the
circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL permits a corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a provision eliminating or limiting
the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any
breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the
DGCL (relating to unlawful payment of dividends and unlawful stock purchase and redemption) or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Registrant’s Certificate provides that the Company’s Directors shall not be liable to the Registrant or its stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except to the extent that exculpation from liabilities is not permitted under the DGCL as in effect at the time such liability is determined. The Registrant’s Certificate further
provides that the Registrant shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. II-1 Table of Contents The Company has a liability insurance policy in effect which covers certain claims against
any officer or director of the Company by reason of certain breaches of duty, neglect, errors or omissions committed by such person in his or her capacity as an officer or director. For the undertaking with respect to indemnification, see Item 17 herein. Item 16. Exhibits Title of Exhibit
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of Moss Adams LLP.
23.2 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Powers of Attorney. Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of
the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the
most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of
securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in
the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution
not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided, however, That: (A) Paragraphs (l)(i) and (l)(ii) do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-8, and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement; and II-2 Table of Contents (B) Paragraphs (l)(i), (l)(ii) and (l)(iii) do not apply if the registration
statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed
with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (C) Provided further, however, that
paragraphs (l)(i) and (l)(ii) do not apply if the registration statement is for an offering of asset-backed securities on Form S-l or Form S-3, and the information
required to be included in a post-effective amendment is provided pursuant to Item 1100(c) of Regulation AB. (2) That, for the
purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any
of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) If the registrant is a foreign private
issuer, to file a post-effective amendment to the registration statement to include any financial statements required by Item 8.A of Form 20-F at the start of any delayed offering or throughout a
continuous offering. Financial statements and information otherwise required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Act need not be furnished, provided that the registrant includes in the prospectus, by means of a post-effective
amendment, financial statements required pursuant to this paragraph and other information necessary to ensure that all other information in the prospectus is at least as current as the date of those financial statements. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to registration statements on Form F-3, a post-effective amendment need not be filed to include financial statements and information required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Act or Rule 3-19 of this chapter if such financial statements and information are contained in periodic reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the Form F-3. (5) That,
for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (i) If the registrant is
relying on Rule 430B: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part
of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in
reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(l)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included
in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for
liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus
relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of
sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date; or II-3 Table of Contents (ii) If the registrant is subject to Rule 430C, each prospectus filed
pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the
registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any
statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (6) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial
distribution of securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant
pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned
registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or
referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering
containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the provisions set forth in Item 15 above, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the
registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the
matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such
issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (i) For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus
filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of the
registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (ii) For the purpose of determining any liability under
the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to
be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-4 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets
all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Redmond, state of
Washington, on the 1 st day of November, 2018. MICROVISION, INC.
By: | /s/ David J. Westgor
Name: | David J. Westgor
Title: | Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the
following persons in the capacities indicated below on the 1 st day of November, 2018. Signature | Title
/s/ Perry Mulligan Perry Mulligan | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Stephen P. Holt Stephen P. Holt | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ * Robert P. Carlile | Director
/s/ * Yalon Farhi | Director
/s/ * Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ * Bernee D.L. Strom | Director
/s/ * Brian Turner | Director
/s/ * Thomas M. Walker | Director *By: | /s/ David J. Westgor
Attorney-in-Fact II-5