S-3 1 d374128ds3.htm FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT Form S-3 Registration Statement Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2012 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 MICROVISION, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 91-1600822
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 6222 185 th Avenue NE Redmond, WA 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of principal executive offices) Thomas M. Walker Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary MicroVision, Inc. 6222 185 th Avenue NE Redmond, Washington 98052 (425) 936-6847 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Please send copies of all communications to: Joel F. Freedman Ropes & Gray LLP Prudential Tower 800 Boylston Street Boston, Massachusetts 02199 (617) 951-7000 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement. If the only securities being registered on this form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box. ¨ If any of the securities being registered on this form are to be offered on a
delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. x If this form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant
to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement under the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this form is a post effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under
the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that
shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ¨ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register
additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer | ¨ | Accelerated filer | x
Non-accelerated filer | ¨ | (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller Reporting Company | ¨ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered | Amount to be registered(1) | Proposed maximum offering price per share(2) | Proposed maximum aggregate offering price(2) | Amount of registration fee
Common Stock, par value $.001 per share | 4,346,048 | $1.61 | $6,997,137.28 | $802 (1) | Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, this prospectus also covers an indeterminate number of additional shares of common stock that may become issuable upon the exercise of the warrants as a result of adjustments pursuant to the warrants. (2) | This price is estimated in accordance with Rule 457(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, solely for the purposes of calculating the registration fee and is $1.61 per share, the average of the high and low prices per share of common stock of the Registrant as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 28, 2012. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically
states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange
Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these
securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the
offer or sale is prohibited. Subject to Completion June 29, 2012 PROSPECTUS MicroVision, Inc. Common Stock 4,346,048 Shares This prospectus relates to the resale of up to 4,346,048 shares of our common stock including: • | 3,346,048 issued by us on May 22, 2012; and • | 1,000,000 shares that may be issued upon exercise of warrants issued by us on May 22, 2012. See “Private Placement of Common Stock and Warrants” for more information about the issuance of common stock and warrants. We are registering these shares on behalf of the selling shareholders named in this prospectus to be offered and sold by them
from time to time. The securities offered in this prospectus involve a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the “ Risk
 Factors ” set forth herein beginning on page 1 and in our future filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, in determining whether to purchase our securities. Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market with the ticker symbol “MVIS.” On June 28, 2012,
the closing price of one share of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market was $1.62. Our executive
offices are located at 6222 185 th Avenue NE, Redmond,
Washington 98052, and our telephone number is (425) 936-6847. Neither the
Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus
is . Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS RISK FACTORS | 1
THE COMPANY | 2
PRIVATE PLACEMENT OF COMMON STOCK AND WARRANTS | 2
USE OF PROCEEDS | 2
SELLING SHAREHOLDERS | 2
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 3
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 4
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 4
LEGAL OPINION | 5
EXPERTS | 5 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and is subject to the safe harbor created by that section. Such
statements may include, but are not limited to, projections of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, plans for product development and cooperative arrangements, future operations, financing needs or plans of MicroVision, as well as
assumptions relating to the foregoing. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “goal,” “may,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” and similar
expressions identify forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date the statement was made. These
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in our forward-looking statements include the following: our ability to obtain financing; market
acceptance of our technologies and products; our financial and technical resources relative to those of our competitors; our ability to keep up with rapid technological change; government regulation of our technologies; our ability to enforce our
intellectual property rights and protect our proprietary technologies; the ability to obtain additional contract awards and to develop partnership opportunities; the timing of commercial product launches; the ability to achieve key technical
milestones in key products; and other factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” below, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. These factors are not intended to represent a complete list of the
general or specific factors that may affect us. It should be recognized that other factors, including general economic factors and business strategies, may be significant, now or in the future, and the factors set forth in this prospectus may affect
us to a greater extent than indicated. All forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in or incorporated into this prospectus. Except
as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. RISK FACTORS You should carefully consider the
specific risks set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, each as amended or supplemented, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as the same
may be amended, supplemented or superseded by our subsequent quarterly reports or other filings, including filings after the date hereof, with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. The risks and uncertainties we describe are
not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
would likely suffer. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 1 Table of Contents THE COMPANY MicroVision provides the PicoP ® display technology platform designed to enable next-generation display and imaging products for consumer devices, vehicle displays and wearable displays. Our PicoP
projection display technology uses highly efficient laser light sources which can create vivid images with high contrast and brightness. PRIVATE PLACEMENT OF COMMON STOCK AND WARRANTS We entered into a securities purchase agreement dated as of May 9, 2012 (as amended, the “Purchase Agreement”) with Shmuel
Farhi, Salvatore Pacifico and Silvana Pacifico (collectively, the “Investors”). Under the terms of the Purchase Agreement, the Investors purchased an aggregate of 3,346,048 shares (the “Shares”) of our common stock and warrants
(the “Warrants”) to purchase an additional 1,000,000 shares of our common stock at a total purchase price of $ 1.4943 per share. The Warrants each have an exercise price of $2.125 per share and are exercisable until May 22, 2015.
We received aggregate consideration of $5 million in cash and the transaction was completed on May 22, 2012 (the “Closing Date”). We also entered into a registration rights agreement, pursuant to which we have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to file a registration statement with respect to the Shares and the shares of
our common stock issuable under the Warrants as soon as practicable and in no event later than 60 days after the Closing Date, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable
thereafter, and in no event later than 120 days after the Closing Date. USE OF PROCEEDS All net proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock will go to the shareholders who offer and sell them. We will
not receive any proceeds from this offering. However, we would receive proceeds of approximately $2,125,000 if all of the Warrants held by the selling shareholders as of the date of this prospectus were exercised for cash. The funds would be used
for general corporate purposes. SELLING SHAREHOLDERS In the event a selling shareholder transfers some or all of his or her shares to a permitted transferee, such transferee shall not be
able to use this prospectus to sell shares unless and until such transferee is identified as a selling shareholder in a supplement to this prospectus or a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The shares listed below represent all of the shares of our common stock that the selling shareholders currently beneficially
own, the number of shares they may offer and the number of shares they will own after the offering assuming they sell all of the shares that may be offered under this prospectus. The selling shareholders’ percentage beneficial ownership in our
outstanding common stock is shown in parentheses next to the number of shares and is based on 24,891,507 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 25, 2012. Beneficial ownership representing less than 1% of our outstanding shares
of common stock is noted with an asterisk. The selling shareholders may sell all, some or none of their shares in this offering. See “Plan of Distribution.” Name of Selling Shareholder | Number of Shares Owned Prior to Offering | Maximum Number of Shares to be Sold Pursuant to this Prospectus | Number of Shares Owned After Offering
Shmuel Farhi(1) | 3,011,443 | (12.10%) | 3,911,443 | (4) | -0-
Salvatore Pacifico (2) | 393,386 | (1.58%)(3) | 173,842 | (4) | *
Silvana Pacifico (2) | 393,386 | (1.58%)(3) | 260,763 | (4) | * (1) | The address for Shmuel Farhi is c/o Farhi Holdings Corporation, 484 Richmond Street, Suite 200, London, Ontario, Canada, N6A 3E6. (2) | The address for each of Salvatore Pacifico and Silvana Pacifico is 1649 Gloucester Road, London, Ontario, Canada, N6G 2S5. (3) | Includes 143,842 shares held by Salvatore Pacifico, 214,544 shares held by Silvana Pacifico, 10,000 shares held by Pacifico 2 Table of Contents Holdings Inc. (“Holdings”) and 25,000 shares held by Pacifico Family Trust (the “Trust”). Salvatore Pacifico is President and sole owner of Holdings and may be deemed to have investment control over shares held by the Trust; therefore, Salvatore Pacifico may be deemed to beneficially own the shares held by Holdings and the Trust. Salvatore Pacifico and Silvana Pacifico are husband and wife and may each be deemed to beneficially own shares held by the other. (4) | Includes 900,000 shares, 40,000 shares and 60,000 shares underlying warrants held by Shmuel Farhi, Salvatore Pacifico and Silvana Pacifico, respectively, not exercisable within 60 days. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We are registering the shares on behalf of the selling shareholders. “Selling shareholders,” as used in this prospectus,
includes donees and pledgees selling shares received from the named selling shareholders after the date of this prospectus. The selling shareholders may offer shares of common stock at various times in one or more of the following transactions: • | in the over-the-counter market; • | in private transactions other than in the over-the-counter market; • | in connection with short sales of the shares of common stock; • | by pledge to secure debts and other obligations; • | in connection with the writing of non-traded and exchange-traded call options, in hedge transactions and in settlement of other transactions in standardized or over-the-counter options; or • | in a combination of any of the above transactions. A selling shareholder may sell its shares at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to such prevailing market prices, at negotiated prices or at fixed prices. A selling shareholder may use broker-dealers to sell its shares. If this happens, broker-dealers may receive discounts, concessions or
commissions from the selling shareholder, or they may receive commissions from purchasers of shares for whom they acted as agents. A selling shareholder also may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided they meet the criteria and conform to the
requirements of that Rule. If a selling shareholder effects such transactions by selling shares of common stock to or through
underwriters, broker-dealers or agents, such underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the selling shareholder or commissions from purchasers of the shares of common
stock for whom they may act as agent or to whom they may sell as principal (which discounts, concessions or commissions as to particular underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may be in excess of those customary in the types of transactions
involved). In connection with sales of the shares of common stock or otherwise, a selling shareholder may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in turn engage in short sales of the shares of common stock in the course of
hedging in positions they assume. A selling shareholder may also sell shares of common stock short and deliver shares of common stock covered by this prospectus to close out short positions and to return borrowed shares in connection with such short
sales. A selling shareholder may also loan or pledge shares of common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell such shares. The selling shareholders and any broker-dealer participating in the distribution of the shares of common stock may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act, and
any commission paid, or any discounts or concessions allowed to, any such broker-dealer may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. At the time a particular offering of the shares of common stock is made, a
prospectus supplement, if required, will be distributed which will set forth the aggregate amount of shares of common stock being offered and the terms of the offering, including the name or names of any broker-dealers or agents, any discounts,
commissions and other terms constituting compensation from the selling shareholders and any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to broker-dealers. 3 Table of Contents Under the securities laws of some states, the shares of common stock may be sold in such
states only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the shares of common stock may not be sold unless such shares have been registered or qualified for sale in such state or an exemption from registration or
qualification is available and is complied with. There can be no assurance that any selling shareholder will sell any or all
of the shares of common stock registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. The selling shareholders and any other person participating in such distribution will be subject to applicable provisions of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, including, without limitation, Regulation M of the Exchange Act, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the shares of common stock by the
selling shareholders and any other participating person. Regulation M may also restrict the ability of any person engaged in the distribution of the shares of common stock to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of common
stock. All of the foregoing may affect the marketability of the shares of common stock and the ability of any person or entity to engage in market-making activities with respect to the shares of common stock. We will pay all expenses of the registration of the shares of common stock pursuant to the registration rights agreement, estimated to be
approximately $40,000 in total, including, without limitation, Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees and expenses of compliance with state securities or “blue sky” laws; provided, however, that a selling shareholder will pay all
underwriting discounts and selling commissions, if any. We will indemnify the selling shareholders against liabilities, including some liabilities under the Securities Act, in accordance with the registration rights agreement, or the selling
shareholders will be entitled to contribution. We may be indemnified by the selling shareholders against civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, that may arise from any written information furnished to us by the selling
shareholders specifically for use in this prospectus, in accordance with the registration rights agreement, or we may be entitled to contribution. Once sold under the shelf registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, the shares of common stock will be freely tradable in the hands of persons other than our affiliates. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any document we
file at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public from the
SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we file with them, which means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, and the information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and
supersede this information. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any future filings we will make with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act prior to the time that all securities covered by this
prospectus have been sold; provided, however, that we are not incorporating any information furnished under any of Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 (including exhibits furnished under Item 9.01 in connection with information furnished under
Item 2.02 or Item 7.01) of any current report on Form 8-K: • | Our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2012; • | Our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2012; • | Our current reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2012, February 17, 2012, May 22, 2012, June 11, 2012 and June 18, 2012; 4 Table of Contents • | Any other filings we make pursuant to the Exchange Act after the filing date of the initial registration statement and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement; and • | The description of our common stock set forth in Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-5276-LA), including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description, as incorporated by reference in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A (Registration No. 0-21221). You may request a copy of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at the following address: MicroVision, Inc. 6222 185th Avenue NE Redmond, Washington 98052 Attention: Investor Relations (425) 936-6847 This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we have filed with the SEC. You should rely only on the information or representations provided in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone
to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on
the front of the document. LEGAL OPINION For the purpose of this offering, Ropes & Gray LLP, Boston, Massachusetts, is giving its opinion on the validity of the
securities offered hereby. EXPERTS The financial statements and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this Prospectus by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 have been so incorporated in reliance on the
report (which contains an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern as described in Note 1 to the financial statements) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 5 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Distribution SEC Registration Fee | $ | 802
Blue Sky Fees and Expenses* | 1,000
Legal Fees and Expenses* | 15,000
Printing Expenses* | 8,000
Accounting Fees and Expenses* | 10,000
Miscellaneous* | 5,000
Total Expenses | $ | 39,802 * | Estimated Item 15. Indemnification of
Directors and Officers Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”) provides that a
corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of
the corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney’s fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in
good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Section 145
further provides that a corporation similarly may indemnify any such person serving in any such capacity who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the
corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent
that the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
reasonably entitled to indemnify for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL permits a corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a provision eliminating or
limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for
any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of
the DGCL (relating to unlawful payment of dividends and unlawful stock purchase and redemption) or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The Registrant’s Certificate provides that the Company’s Directors shall not be liable to the Registrant or its stockholders
for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director except to the extent that exculpation from liabilities is not permitted under the DGCL as in effect at the time such liability is determined. The Registrant’s Certificate further
provides that the Registrant shall indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. II-1 Table of Contents The Company has a liability insurance policy in effect which covers certain claims against
any officer or director of the Company by reason of certain breaches of duty, neglect, errors or omissions committed by such person in his or her capacity as an officer or director. For the undertaking with respect to indemnification, see Item 17 herein. Item 16. Exhibits Title of Exhibit
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of MicroVision, Inc.’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
23.2 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Powers of Attorney. Item 17. Undertakings Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the provisions set forth
in Item 15 above, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event
that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each
filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to
Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. The undersigned registrant hereby
undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this
registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act
of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the
registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in
the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set fort in the “Calculation of
Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii) To include any material
information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided, however, that paragraphs (l)(i), (l)(ii) and (l)(iii) do not apply if the information required to be included in a
post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the
registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. II-2 Table of Contents (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933,
each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain
unsold at the termination of the offering. II-3 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly
caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redmond, State of Washington, on June 29, 2012. MICROVISION, INC.
By: | /s/ Jeff T. Wilson
Name: | Jeff T. Wilson
Title: | Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been
signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated below on June 29, 2012. Signature | Title
/s/ Alexander Tokman | Chief Executive Officer and Director
Alexander Tokman | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jeff T. Wilson | Chief Financial Officer
Jeff T. Wilson | (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ *
Richard A. Cowell | Director
/s/ *
Slade Gorton | Director
/s/ *
Perry Mulligan | Director
/s/ *
Jeanette Horan | Director
/s/ *
Brian Turner | Director
*By: /s/ Jeff T. Wilson
Jeff T. Wilson Attorney-in-Fact Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Number | Title of Exhibit
5.1 | Opinion of Ropes & Gray LLP.
23.1 | Consent of MicroVision, Inc.’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
23.2 | Consent of Ropes & Gray LLP (included in the opinion filed as Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Powers of Attorney.